Shit I Am Who Am..Fresh up out of Apologize..I'm Doing It For SHAQ & My KIDS That's MY ATTITUDE THIS YEAROR MOVE THE FUCK AROUND
It's very rare that I get what I want. Now that it has happened I don't plan onloosing it no matter what
Shout out to nestboy vick he cold n that rapping sht keep drop.nthem tracks im one em
Miami BostonJames Points: 34 Reb: 16 Ast: 7 Stl: 3 Blk: 1 Garnett Points: 24 Reb: 11 Ast:4 Stl: 2 Blk: 3
Boy you can say anything you wanna I don't give a shit, noone else can have ya
Wen u kall a nigga fone n he dont answer dat mean he nevagave a fuck about it
I aint tryna see no twerk videos on my TL kuz yallhoes kant twerk fo nun
that was suppose to be a tweet lol I don't how the hell I dm thatto you my bad lol
This group of 5 year olds just tried to holla at me! Lol when I told them how oldI was they scattered lol
Anybody else got one of those TV's where every movie looks super fake? They made these TV's toogood" mine is like that
who made amy dress for the finale the red one atthe end please tell me
That kid is GOOD. saw him vs NYR. I'll tell ya as a ranger fan I'm not too excited about seeing himfor the next 10 years.
There is nothing so pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believingnothing. - Maya Angelou S
I'm Single And Ready To Mingle But At The Same TimeI'm Ready To Settle Down
I know I do but I'm finna go to sleep I'm too tired I been up since 8 thisMornin no sleep or nap
I Have Not Been Ta Sleep At All. And I'm Not Going TillMy Quat Kum Later On.
I Get Jealous, I Get Mad, I Get Worried, I Get Curious.But That's Only Because I Love You So Much And I Don't Wanna Lose You Nan More Nan Less
When Kobe gets the ball, he gotta make one move and go. Dont wait for the defense to make his shot more difficult.
Just rounded off the last of my kids bdays, until June!! I'm proud and grateful to God. A don't have much, but wekeep it happy, no matter.
Aight let me go ahead and get dressed to this Miguel album .. Y'all continue talking about all the shit y'all notgone do while I'm gone
so he put a status that says lonely up and a modelhoe just hit him up...
The travel channel is blowing me right now with all these American fast food delicacies that havebeen turnt up in Asia
So big Boi out here like fuck it Imma hop on all the tracks 3000 calls himself featuring onand give y'all the remix
Yes I think we should incorporate our outrage in the name.. so that thebandit knows we mean business
Atlanta fans might as well clock out.. You already know theending to this story ..."
Is that Oprah interview on right now? ... Cause she tripping if she think wewas gonna pass up scandal
I wonder how much the person who is in charge of theobama twitter account gets paid
And he would have been like oh man my first name is Rod babe ..A.j is a family nickname and whatI prefer to be called
you still may be able to worship at the alter I don't think the doors to thechurch are closed just yet
yeah man they still the same just more turnt up now that we all grown and theycan say what they want
So I had to take the big weights off the ends needless to say I dropped a weight and all theguys came to my aid
I'm dying laughing. I think I bust a vocal cord laughing so hard. "... You look horrible tonight" song of the year.
YESTERDAY I GOT THE SWEETEST TXT FROM A PERSON THAT I THOUGHTHIS LOVE 4 ME DIED.....
Want 2 give a special Shoutz 2 my brother from another mother My G 2 the casket drop Happy bornday my G many more..
ummm..do I need to go back & read ur tweets for all thisfuckery i missed earlier?? lol
not sick. Lol just a bit extreme. Nothing's wrong with extra pair of undies when traveling.But a WHOLE duffle bag!!
ibknow where u from he said u know him look at my pic Ijust up of him bro
i got everything i ever wanted be she makes me better rs she better wake up these lil nigga willneva get thy weight up
Low key I do miss pat and Maurice staying here with me they use to bethe bid all day everyday
You really can't ever be just friends with someone you usedto be in love with.
everyone lock y'all man up cause will try and take ur man and u will neverknow so be careful y'all
NO ONE is immune from the trials and tribulations of life, if you think youare, just keep on living....
Bad GRAMMER is my Pet PEEVE!!!!!!! EVERYONE needs help from time to time grammatically, butthat what GOOGLE is for!!!
Ona phn with my grandma an he keep sayn we gon get off the phn now but thn shekeep talkn .! Come on
So apparantly Bey sang/lipped to a pre recorded tape of her version ofthe anthem at the inauguration
Love vineyard 7&8! I was supposed to have a tasting/tour there todaybut had to cancel :(
A study in delicious coffee, chocolate, bourbon, gin, pine, & pizza.Have a good night gents.
Mommie asked me to go grocery shopping with her and my grandma... Naw I'm good they bein the store for hours..
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours & you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
imma let y'all know soon and you coming if I have todrag u out the house
I try to let u pussy niggas eat its time to putu pussy boys to sleep
But that ain't gon be hard all I Need to do is pass this testtomorrow and pass my midterms
He mad He came over My House unannounced and I wasgone. Not My Problem !
I'm tired of playing the back. I'm bout to bring some fireto the game. Real talk!!!
with everything you just said injuries they still were in place to make the postseasonFiring Garrett would do nothing
if she liked the first gift thats only the tip of the icebergh igot a trick up mysleeve
If I was with tonight, I'd kiss her. Too late. (Kisses hand instead)" Awww <3 tomorrow lol
Wtf is so hard about coming to pick up a badge so your check is correct..: I'm not aboutto clock you in. Smh
Got some new lipstick in the mail and got her damn hair oils. Had me excited likeit was my phone cases
So I'm up... But my boss said gage whether its safe for me to go to work... I'm going but I'm gonna takemy time...no time for accidents
I mean if I was Olivia I wouldn't do the record either but she gotta know even after last season her musicisn't going anywhere with
I know how to work the system the clothes I bring in looks better than what they haveon their backs how
Gatorade and powerade use to be so nasty to me butnow I luh Dat shit
lmaooo I had to go see this tweet for myself... It's ashame it's the truth tho
or go to food services but either way corporate need tosend them some damn sauce
I could accept us not being together but i couldn't accept us not being friends and nowit seems like i can
NCAAB - Texas A&M G Elston Turner scores 40 pts in 83-71 win at Kentucky; 1st SEC homeloss for John Calipari lose
My mom blows the fuck out of me at times... Fuck my lifehave to harder for? Damn
I got the jack wat else I need sugar wats dem pebblesthat be in that shit
I'm over so many ppl , I'm so shady" aye wats good" I'm at theabc store with it"ima holla
Ten dollars from a call from jail... Shit over wit... See uwhen u come home bro
I think it's a raccon or possum walkin round my house I'mscared ass shit rite now
Ppl kids name after stores aint Goin be able to spell them joints till they twelve...and write they name in cursivetill they like 20 smh
2 for 10 at Fridays be so clutch for the quickness cuz fast food joints want10 dillas for some trash
Ppl plates on the gram be lookin like some straight trashkeep that shit in house!!!
Bout to see like 40 plates on the gram get meheated I'm starving like shit
Boaaaa, u got TWO DIFFERENT FEMALES TEXTING YOU.... SOOOO IMAA HAVETWO DIFFERENT NIGGA TEXTING ME.
70 degrees in Nashville. Bout to take a trip to and then heading to get my drunk on. After thatI will be at .
Continuing the same way, they announced the arrival of my train after itpulls off, so not happy
A.J., have u ever thought about leaving TNA and going to the WWW? With your skills, they wouldn'tknow what hit them.trust me.
i had no choice ! Like i was already all into the tvand couldn't look away lol
Soon the none basketball playing in LIFE clowns are gonna say Griner could play NBA ball...when she couldn't makea D1 or D2 team.
middle age buddy dat shovel dat ish for his whip and had a bad day gonna be onsome bus driver ish lol
Sadly so many HS has crippled these players academically that evenJUCO is hard for them...
tell em what happen to the mouse n the house the VERY next play tho (den askwho won ALL the games)
I swear when I get out this rat race imma be taking middaynaps and going to chiropractor...
Sick of going to this dealership for random lights going out...BUT I do lovea free truck wash. *bling*
1/2 of what you want > Zero of what you want.But its mean if vocalized
Bill collectors take fractions of debt on the dollar sometimes...and I don't expect u 2agree about the RS ish...
Fucking WhERE?!!!! T So its a store that will sell U 4fifth of Patron for 49.99
immediately go back to hotel and hope u aint got TOO many jerks on ur team dat playthe replay on they ipads.
On way 2 gym to sweat the rest of this bug out...can't beconducting workshops looking all sick
we aint going for that fam. My kid gonna get ALL the cool shit...cuz Daddy and Mommy workshard as shit for it.
yea u know with groupon they jus give u dat breadback to get sumthing else...
Sooo the other business units sending emails to IT while wein conference cuz they out...smh
Can you do what you doing right now...3 years from now?If not your wasting time.
Everytime I ask for a cup for water at a fastfood Joint...I alwaysfill it up with pop
I hate the lil sign on my phone dat says I gotta Voice Mail...I hate the red lite on my workphone when I gotta Vmail.
I'm more of the service at a soup kitchen..Paint a School type of Community Service kindaguy...I'm not a role model.
I been on auto pay since foreva! Got some 1percent inapr deduction cuz of it.
I couldn't do shit but laugh...she was dead serious and smiled in my face like "yeanigga u see it" lol
Den she so gangsta...she ends convo looks at me for little bite denopens up this bible pamphlet!!!
I didnt speak on Lillard cuz i made no reference to him.i spoke on AD and Barnes.and Barnes like i expected isgonna be a good pro
that's a recipe for disaster. A woman that won't shut up or sit down. When is that ever gonna getwins? Its less extreme ways.
how is that funny? Maybe interaction with you is more immediatly satisfying that those causes...weall aint self righteous bruh
it helps by showin u can be responsible for SELF and thatsthe 1st step before unity.
and thats just one scenrio....its a mille more...hence why the bases shouldbe ...BE A RESPONSIBLE PERSON..Period
how do u understand an analogy and not at same time? Ok lemme try this...ur not a dad...do u think u can speakon it 2 a dad?
was showing all types of baby thigh meat in HS now her future kidscan't be alil fast lol
Attn is a helleva drug tho...and goofy mogs is raising the priceof it faster than Gold.
repeating the last 3 words of my questions back to medoes nuthing ya know lol
Pho craving, Mekong Delta closed Mondays so I made faux pho w/ ramen noodles (all eddies has). It's notDelta, but i'm pleasantly surprised.
oh i dunnno, maybe they are. But they are usually closed mondays, which iswhen I usually want pho
Just had a great conversation with old baltimore about how he used toget drinks at the Stafford.
there should be an en fuego documentary. What was in that burrito thatmade it taste so good?
With that being said...what do i want more, a nice body or nice hair, cuz it's clear ican't have it all lol
Im all for my ppl leaving Chicago. All I ask is make it aplace I can visit. .
Just found out that my auntie BBQ and my fat ass just ate. I'm headed togo get me a rib
I think in going to make a trip up to Roosevelt... Justto see if anything changed
I was a little cranky lol. I haven't been gettin any sleeplately but I'm str8 now
Did anybody hear Momma Dee commercial on 107.5.???? Why did she say "Whenever I'min the State of Detroit"
I'm a full time worker and a full time student.... Do I really have timefor a boyfriend.??? Uhhhhhh.... NO
Reading through Neh 12 this morning with my man, Joshua. He spit up while I was reading the names ofthe priests & Levites. Hmmm...
Don"t miss the kickoff of our new series The Red Letters! 9 & 10:30 this morningat Greater Gresham Baptist Church
's message "I will give you rest" must of worked last night - found stress ball under a chair inthe worship center this morning.
"Spire installed on New York's One World Trade Center brings it to 1,776 feet, tallest buildingin Western Hemisphere." -- CNN
if you everhave the time to message me back because everyone says I sound like the both of you when Irap just want to talk
that moment wen sumone tryna talk to yhu ....nd yhu tell them yhu a lesbian nd theytry even harder! like wtf.!
Brian would you consider being in a long distance relationship if youwere interested in that person
I been waiting on a new debit card all week! Seem like it goes slower when they knowyou got money to spend
Whenever ppl lose too much weight too quick ppl automatically think one of two things. They'reeither smoking or sick lol
It's gon' be 93 degrees today! We just skipped Spring andwent straight to Summer smh
It's bout to storm. They interrupting the tv shows. Y'all know mytheory. Lol must be serious
I see now why ppl just get cheese pizza. It's wayless work... and safer lol
Mind at peace every nite, that means something to many with themost unsatisfying commitments to make.
just got done listen to that junt . had that shit bumpin inher lil whip . .
Why Mother's Day gotta be the day after Graduation I can't shine for 48 hours lol jk Ilove my mama" lmaoo petty
I guess not celebrating her b day cause she hasn't saidnot one thing about it
Chan mad cuz the Lakers not in playoffs...I wonder who he will cheerfor when Kobe retire!" Lmao
I was like O_o "oh, that's nice. What's that?" She was like "a 3 piece chickenwing and a biscuit" lmao
I think a couple of burnt hot dogs and brats shallbe in my near future.
seriously though, we often confuse arguing with debating. I feel that men/women don't debateenough and argue too much.
I can't even yell properly. My voice cracks. Smh" just stick your finger in yournose. That wins most arguments.
what's the classy ratchet move for this evening? I only brought myratchet personality with me today
Everytimee They Together She Open Her Mouth To Say "The Way He Had Me Feeling " Tf Kindaa Way DidYouu Have Her Feeling ?
Literally tho,Leonard is the only player who looks like he can keep up, theball movement is looking AOK
Nobody I know is up thee dearly morning so I choosenow to reflect on life
Fact that we pour ourselves out to twitter just goes to show you that we really just need to get our problems out butto afraid to say them
I been telling y'all from day one Knicks are not that nice they just havebetter players than most teams
I was saying that they don't listen to you and just keep saying how u not a true freak even thoughu told them u not
We been beatin shit lately & we ain't playin round this summer."y'all betta get sum straps cuzshit gettin real lil bra
You fuck with me I fuck with you..I will never lie to you..gotts be honest with yaself that'swhat make it tha truth
Getting MicroBraids in my head full I hair took all night yesterday and gonna take all daytoday only some will understand
If this lol boy watch another mothafucckin WWE fight on my computer ...Imma body slam his ass
Saw segment on steve harvey. I was so intrigued by your story! Perfect example of a good,God fearing man overcoming obstacles!
If your girlfriend friends dont like u .u can hang it up b c theygon lie on yo ass
Wildest field trip since my prison visits in undergrad I'm gon giveyou'll the play by play
I don't know if I'm fooling with them dogs Bro have mypressure up them salty dogs
Sprint users for the iPhone in Chicago I'm not even a sprint user but they pissing me off damn dropped calls inthe middle of great convoy
This weak ass shit over with. That's two down all that's left is the one who alwaysremains best in my book.
the screw the rangers button has been pressed, but refs just sucked. Hank let in 2 soft ones +the big guys were invisible.
lls dang Mann I finna in a mintue I went the sleep 11 sum this morningin got up at 3
lol shood I Juss woke up I stayed up till 11 something in went to sleep in Juss gotrite back up at 3
Money on the line I came to take what's mind clouds can't block the sun whenit come out and shine
I dropped a hot wing on the ground & threw it away last Sunday & I been thinkingabout that shyt ever since."
It's almost 1:30 am and I'm just getting in from my date and I come home to my mother being gone ooooh welloff to bed I go
Hate cheap people, like naw i just came with you to WATCH you eat." Omg that happen to meyesterday I was like WTF
So i downloaded kik. and saw my baby on it. "GG you got a kik?" GG:" yea daddy yoit late." lmfao.. So what Im not hipto the jive . Lol
YOU LIVE IN A FAIRYTALE WORLD. EVERYTHING AIN'T PERFECT. . I DON'T GET NO HAND OUTS. FUCK THAT. SOMEBODYGIVE ME SOME FREE SHIT.
I gotta bff ..he understands me ...n wen I say I lovehimmmmm thts my ninja 4life
When I wake up in the morning and stretch, I make babydinosaur noises." That's kinda sexy.
That's how it's fucking done MIAMIII!!!!! Lebron, you FUCKING beast!!!! Gohome pacers! Fuck outta heaaaaaaa
Anyone know where I could shop for Brazilian bikinis without ithaving to be south beach?
oh yeah of course it does. Doesn't mean I gave to like itthough. I'm just getting old
If you text me and ask me can I do you a favor and you didn't even sayhello first. I will ignore!
Got out the car to go in the store. I figured that was a badidea. Now sitting and waiting.
This shit is hilarious tho. When somebody calls you on your shitjust own up to it.
no thanks. I didn't read about it. Just read what it is supposed to be. Or at leastthe name of the event.
There's only 1 reason I would want to be in Philly right now. And despite what ubelieve.... It's not about you!
There was less judgement in the world.Maybe not in the same ways, but we all do wrong atsome point in our life.
Oh hell nawll black people and chicken don't mix let me get my ahh in this kitchen b4 thesedrunk niiggas eat em up!
I can't go down Auntie monkey house to watch bball dese niggas a be hollin rolltide I'll be like df?
Why is it so hard to find a 34 D bra... I'm just too picky. Not trying to lookpoint when shits are perky
so you didn't get me any?! What kind of shit is that! Iwould've sent you my address
If you have drugs in your car keep your scary ass off the road in the morning... I don't have time to be drivingslow bc I'm behind you
Why can't I seem to make it out of NC successfully. The devil is trying to keep me here, that'sa battle he will lose
I want Jamaican for dinner... So sad I can't have cream soda withit... H20 it will be
I think I just want one kid. So they can be anonly child like my mom
I want to get my nails and toes painted on my lunch but Ihave closed toed shoes on
You prob shouldn't have brought your newborn with you to the nail salon.... So youcan get a full set..
Are you at Carowinds ...lol just trying to make sure before Iwave at your twin lmaoo
Put on my swim suit and baby oil for no damn reason.The pool is closed for some ol bullshit but will be open tomorrowand my ass gotta work
Lady at the nail salon tried to steal my nail polish,you are not loww Ming.
- Boy you sorry af I had to do everything yesterday when we played thehood boys stop all that..
How You Gone Try && Pop Out At 11 Some Out The Blue At That &&Expect Somebody To Come Outside
I have so much anger built up so please warning you don'tget on my bad side
I text more than I talk soo whatever all the people I need and want to talkto have iMessage sooo whatever.
Hey I know the Spurs wish they still had Jackson to shoot some threes.Lol great call coach Pop.
So sick of these nights alone and now its going to be every night. I've really gotto find a friend!!! :(
Real bitchxs dey lust em hatein niggas disgust em i see u takn em shots deybounce off em its nth
come back to lr so we csn go eat?? Lol" but come getme so I can go...
I see my phone still acting up. Folks thinking they on blocked list cause they texting me and I'mnot even getting the messages
I don't see why people be scared to tell somebody they feelingthem." < fear of rejection
Why not if everybody see what that person see mmmmm n out da blue tell me bout itlike I wanted to kno
This nigga jcole ji OC lol hope my man dont get caughtup for no dumb shit
At work still w8tin 4 it to slow down but glad my hang over gone curric I'msticking to jack an crown
I neva ask for Xmas gifts bc the stuff I want costwaaay too much for ppl.
She came up wit ideas and suggestions to get me out a bind and it worked. Inormally NEVER ask for help.
I say that bc I always mad D's in school, andlook how I turned out.
On the way home -_- oh well.. Had a great timewith the family !
Love is much like a Checking Account you can't withdraw more than you have deposited. And you can't give more thanwhat you have on deposit
We spoke real quick last night man.. Liking some of the beats I heard on your page.. Definitely gottaget up with you soon
That 1 time when u need something and its not where u put it!!!The story of my life
I missed so much good tv today...but I had a good excuse...from the foundation up tho
I hate when bitches in food service have a damn attitude. I should go back and curse thatmf out at captain Ds
The White House has missiles under the front lawn and an underground bunker 6 stories underground that canwithstand a full nuclear attack
Dept of education is cutting pell grants to community colleges. They haven't putthat on mainstream media though.
people can't stand to see you doing better than them. Andit's always our own color.
Obama says our foreign oil dependence is down 30 percent but gas keep rising. We might needto call them back lol
My NIg flying in from Seattle and I'm flying in from ATL. Boutto have a good time.
This girl doesn't understand my view on why raising minimum wage would kill the economy,right now especially. ButI'm about to enlighten her
Niggas will lie wit a str8 face, smh i dnt say ish i justcharge it to the game.
I am sending my grandson a Hess truck with the motor cycle because if I was a boy that is exactly what Iwould want! Thank you Hess!
I love "Reflections". The music and Bible verses brings me peace ofmind and dreams of Heaven!
I just tried to check the temp on my phone it said, nukka its cold dont ask me no dumbass questions. Im just smdh
Imma change my profile pic today. Which fb friend of mineshould be my profile pic?
Hello Janice this is your sister who love you a lot tryingto learn how to tweet
Wat r my plains 4 dis week hmmm.....twn n Tuesday I wk, Wednesday my rest day, Thursday my family n I r goinout 2 eat, n Friday
A cuz I haven't seen in yrs asked for a brush & my mom had the audacity to pass them mine. Uthink I want it back.
Today I pray, Lord keep my mind focused, my eyes on the prize, keep my hands out of the cookie jar & my feet on theright path! Amen & Amen
Football game for Jayden should be canceled snow sleet whatever is comingto GA he is sick
It's been a while since I had a strong island... I need of those& 2 shots of patron
shit if that's the case I'm game for anywhere but MS! I'd like to come back this way butidk. Where u tryna go?
S/o to all the niggas that got "Goin Steady" as their ringtone for they side bitches...
need help deciding whether to pick up the Rams D or Titans D. Need a replacement for Seattle onthe bye. Please help me!
I dnt do that subtweetin shit, the shit I got to say ain't got shit todo wit anyone on twitter
My girl WON'T be going to any clubs. That's hella disrespectful. She can dance in theliving room. I got Pandora."
Brownsville too far for my tummy right now plus I have tobe at work at 2:00
Breaking News: Braves Stadium relocating to Cobb County! How will that loss of tax dollarsimpact the residents? Facility ReUse?
popeyes is slipping. why the hell I gotta wait 15mins on some damn chicken. The things I do formomma, I tell ya lls
I have so much to do but I'm afraid it will be Sunday before I seethis level of relaxation again!
Listening to Kanye and Sway... And Ye is real. Not saying he isn't. But he's also crazy. Heneeds help. And coping skills.
Girl done changed , but I knew it was coming that'swhy it ain't bother me.
I need every person in my circle on a paper getting mission if u scared to get paid getthe fuck from roun me
didn't even ask me to watch ur baby u just left n it's a whole new day n now u notanswering ya phone...IM too drove
About to charge my phone and just THINK . &&' I LOVE YALL EVEN IFI NEVER TOLD YALL .
Da only thing I know is I have a rich appetite. Sea urchin and dolphin meat witkalamari everynite.foreign kydd30 voice. Gone
I'm sending you a package in the mail it'll be same day delivery so the contentswon't die... hope you Enjoy
$$ money gang , TAXES && ALL $$ ... Nunn But Racks " Ill NEVERfall " ° • °
if u ain't from crescent u ain't ah hero a lot of y'all b false claiming.if y'all looking for protection.I'm out ni.run it puss.
My bed time is at 9:00pm but I go to sleep at 9:01pm "Thug Life" ⇨⇨⇨⇨⇨sikeeee . Fuckk a bedtime
these niggas b saying they Heroz false flagging ass Niggaz y'all ain't from crescent. No whodon't like that. Run it
Why when I upload pics to stupid Twitter they always come out flipped to the doggone side? And it neverlets me change it! Ugh...
If i paid for season tix for anytime it would take an army toget me out that mf
I feel like if I even glance at the heat button in my truck the gas light finnacome on..."know what thats like
I have not seen any of there games but I am going to make it a point to see theirnext game some way somehow.
My Momma Said Dont Let Noboby Put U Down Cuz Dhey Anit Doin Na But Hate OnU Keep Ur Head Up
I think niggas wearing wires so I don't talk that, I think my girl is crazy so I don't beon the phone that much
Ya Boi jus got invited to the high school all star game wassup!!.." My lil bro doin bigthangs lil go get em
That just really effed up my day. And as if thats isn't bad enough its blowin that stank assdolce light blue my way
Y'all promoters can stop sending me tweets about y'all events bc 9 Times out of 10 I won't be there." 10 times outta 10
They want all their money and streaming won't cut it. Easierto sell direct to folks.
Allow me to apologize in advance for what I will do to thebathroom after Thanksgiving." Amen brother.
Bulls looking to trade Boozer to the raptors bout fucking time theygot rid of this nigga!!
Was Juss Watching the players club it slaped but i love my big sis thoshe cool cute and crispy
In aver had a girl do that to me cause the kind nigga that I'm ambutI wish a bitch would
I always wanted to have a girl that like basketball so we canbe like (LOVE & BASKETBALL)
We Been up all night high n now the morning Here .goingto The store bbl twit
Its like mogs wake up and say "hey I was popular in HS...I need to creatmy brand and get paid"...
I fell asleep at 6 and I'm up! Smh I'm about to force myself bk tosleep! Work n the am!
When ppl look at they pix of just a few years ago and pretend they don'tnotice a significant aging <
Ok, so I think im on the train with the Zeta that Became a Sgrho a few years later(yes u read dat right)
but soon as you lay your hands on me that's different ima fighting you cause you disrespectingme not ova no boy
All I want is tenants dat I don't have to babysit and checkup on for my rent!
You might living in a Taliban occupied country. I hear theyreally hate seeing happy women!
It's because of the cost of gas that innovations in renewable energyand few efficiency have occurred!
Been on this coming up on 10 years and it's crazy seeingwhat time does to ppl
It would've been nice if they would've told me the Praise and Worshipsong like before this morning...lol
"Do I get a Drink with my meal?" Lol yo this can't be herfirst time in Subway yo.....
who dissed Trinidad? And why would he respond? He isn't a "rapper" sohe says (we all agree)
Clearly this fuck my frat day...cuz lawd have mercy! Niggaz can't let me not beignant 07 during achievement week!
My Principal and half of my co workers are leaving work early to go to the Ravens Parade...?? How is thatsuppose to work yo? Lol
The principal just ask me to play some " Kirk Franklin".......? At the school dance?? Yohe can't be serious yo.....
Was asked to play the Star Spangled Banner at a Wizards home gamein 2 weeks....should be fun.
Kobe need 2 keep gum in his damn mouth..lmao. Let me get off Kobe,he still got dat shit.
it took my female BFF to tell me "yea ya girl tripping but let her ride this spell out den shegonna be all sorry nshit..."
baltimore i definitly showing yall mad love cant wait for thia game tomorow prayingfor the team GO RAVENS
But I recognize shit happens and if I don't achieve it, it was out of my power den...cuz imma do everything Ican to get it done
Just cuz u wanna be cool with me, don't mean Iwanna be cool with u...
she then promptly got broken up with by her lame boyfriend she thoughtshe could pressure into marriage
Hate Whn A Men Say Thy L O V E M E Cause I Really Hate Sayin It Back IfI Really Dont Love Thm...
I'm not gon be in the house all day.. even if I do be stuck in this bitch,Ima be in here with
---> At work: Damn it’s only 1 o’clock?!?! At home on your day off:Damn its already 1 o’clock?!?!?"
The Fact that someone announced that whoever left their son in the car playing on a IPad &needs tocome out. ppl priorities bent
3 dudes in the room. One is a QUEEN. oh ok. What y'all doin?" We know what they was doing, but heain't gonna say it doe
just know Banks be on bullshit...which is why I just avoiddem for my financing needs...
Hubby just said get out of the way I'm a cook. So I'm amove. DO YOUR THING, HONEY.
Some girls are sneaker heads, while im just a high heel head lmao if that makes sense?"THIS IS WHYI LOVE YOU. Same here.
lmfao, ummmm yessss of course. Layah won't go tho. She gets mad looking at me eat, bc she has no teethyet. my poor bby.
I wanna bell pepper , ham owe I can't finish the rest ! thanksgiving Wea are you ?"meeither I can taste it
Ppl kill me u walking around here with new shit but ur can't getur child anything thing new
Went to the casino Thursday had 11 drink and been sick every since and I have ahospital job interview tomarrow am
I get half way dressed and then I lay back in my bed so when my mama calls up here at like 7:40 Nd ask whatI'm doing I'm getting dressed
I am grateful for a purposeful and joyful God who never forsakes us and whose works are abeautiful wonder to my soul.
Ummm Boo try to go for a gown and not club dress or "meetingthe parents" look please ...
Dear the enemy of my enemy will never be my friend playing defenselike that. Sincerely, a fan.
I asked for 2 wings and guess what Popeyes took it upon themselves to throw in the box one big assdry breast and a wing
I agree, but the finish product is always DOPE! you got it." I try brobro... Love on the love
Headed to see Disney on Ice ... My niece is so excited !She wont stop saying how Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, and Donald Duckgonna say hi to her
I knew the i was cut from was hella dif from thenorm a long time ago...
This Lady McDonald's bag ripped ad fell onto the sidewalk&all she can do was look puzzled and try to clean itup.while birds flooded to it
Running out on your favorite lotion and forced to use the lotionwith the strongest perfume fragrance
Plans definitely changed tonight will be dedicated to Bey I will betuned into Opera and HBO
Its thursday soo ummm Aint nobody got time for Popeyes and that nonmon-weds. Special Menu prices ...lol
Why the fuck is Senai bday tomar? My bed is the only thing I need right now"hedont believe in bdays lls
dat don't count if u gotta 9 to 5...cuz we all struggling to stay work past10 on a school nite
THE COWBOYS SEASON OVER THEY CORNERS GETTIN COOKED LIKE LAMB GRYO MEAT ON THAT POLEUNDER THAT 300 DEGREE LAMP!!
jus got a new bitch she niccceee"I miss you so much, I'll seeyou later " fo sho
I'm bout to watch game off this tequila so u know imma bethe loud nigga laughing! Lol
Im goin to a wizards game real soon and slap randy whittman and sam cassel thefuck out this roster terrible
I Need To Stop Letting People Eat Out My House. Once You Feed ASquirrel They always Come Back.
The bitching I did 2 my bank to get 20 bucks put back into my accountwas petty as fuck lol
Sooo I picked up a Telemarketer call and 1st words out my mouth was "now see don't chuwish u stayed in college?"
people send those one word text messages. If it is less than 5 words then keep itto yourself lol ;-)
Texting And Laughing With A Old Friend I Missed Him So Much Glad To Know That He Is HappyAnd In Goof,Faithful Relationship ❤❤
What i also seen is Vacay pix of clearly the same place but NO pix postedtogether (ive dont it lbs)
mogs gonna be mad but yes...I don't remember Mike cooking at this kind of efficiency overthis long of a stint...
Chiaaaaa hiver de cet annee la bougo des faoncon il neige pas la cecome sa il fait froid
I don't know who blackmailed the Pope but it musta been some guys with big money and powerin world with crazy evidence.
The fucked up thing about religion is that it is based on interpretation, and people's intentionsare often biased & questionable.
Hello is it possible for me to review your service on and how will it works on GSMphones like the Nexus 5
U eva on train and your eyes lock on the 1 person u know u gotta steal on 1st if shitbroke out? Naw? Ok nvm
Hey Fellow Asshole greeks, What's the Name of the Iota Founderthat became a Nupe again?
Lol Chaz was too funny in that last skit and were the pillows supposed tobe like 2 bootycheeks? Lol
I see ppl post on they page and it show in my TLand I get freaked out.
but to answer ur question, they did nothing to me...its just color commentary, I use to use this Analyticskill for evil tho lbs
Man I hate I got involved with these women I choose to b a mother of my kids there selfish and bitter! Not at firstbut ya it came out!
he just don't get it! That cockiness is what made it hard for him to stick in league(aside from lack of defense)
I guess I will get a hair cut 2morrow...I'm the worse inthe winter time with this.
den if he do cook he ghey? See no win...they confused B. Theysingle cuz they Damaged Goods.
U eva seen some ish someone Stunting on, on these internets and u think 2 ur self "dats not fancy tho.."? I guess imma hater.
Idk why her lil ass think she so big and bad.. But I'll cut youback down to size baby
in order for a female to get the respect moms get.. She would have to be the most loyal femalein the world these bitches...
I always expect the worst and hope for the best.. The easiestway to NOT be disappointed
dats some foogazy ish team! I see dem Zillow emails to...itsonly pockets of the city.
I have a FB friend dat shall remain nameless that posts pictures of thingsshe "wish" she could get...TT
I totally knew the value of friendship before I was the bruhz tho...justdidn't have words for it.
She said "You bout to miss church." while she riding me. I said I like my sundae'swith a cherry on top!
Im let my baby sleep , she looks so peaceful but if it was the other way aroundshe wouldn't let me sleep
When I'm riding down the avenue.. These bitches give me attitude, they screaming"Charles we mad at you!"
The only reason I don't like doing the dinning area is cause I hatedealing with drunk ass customers
you get less playtime than steve novak n shoot like Shaun marion. Witno handles like Tyson chandler
I got on 2 chains.. But I ain't Tity Boi! Imma dream chaser butI ain't from Philly boy
These bitches get around. Even the ones you swore didn't, they do too."Can'tput sht past these hoes
I hate that cancer shit.. I'm not sensitive, I just bein my feelings a lot
It's an interesting point. Why do they stop the game for a semi-blavkout (that wad still very well lit), but nitthe fog bowl or snow?
Which one of y'all.. which one of y'all? Which one ofy'all going home with Moody?!
no, but i've always liked the phrase "fake it till you make it". There'sgotta be a middle ground.
I was the opposite. I got 3 episodes in before I realized the gitls aptwas outside dionysus. Good show.
I went to go run and went right back inside. Not because ofthe rain but the wind.
Hi my Tweety Birds, Nazarene mbc Youth were Awesome last nite at there midnite musical,Go ya'll&God bless u:-) :-) :-)
If You Go See That Movie Snitch With The Roc InIt You A MF SNITCH!!!!!!!
* mfs talmbout they about to pull an allnighter knowing they finna besleep in 10 minutes .
Anybody who did is a bitch nigga for being fake tellem I said that lls
I hope she screenshot everything because like I said I wasjust playing the role
Omg we had them beat an we let them come backlike this come on ravens
I seen that bitch a handful of times how she know hoeI dress for real? Lls
One day I was babysitting my Lil cousin and Jason was playing tug of war with her... Shewas stronger than he expected.....
Taking vitamins to be natural.. Obviously it's not natural if youtaking vitamins to get it
Today only everything half off COVER GRAPHICS.. PROMOTIONS ..STUDIO TIME .. For Pricing In YourDM Let's Make This Bread
Happy rushing to the liquor store the day before all your family shows up for thanksgiving so you can make itthrough the day day :-D
The Birds get the W! Now let's see if we can do the same at homewith the next three games.
White lady was straight leanin on the black postal lady smh thoughtI had to record it
at this rec looking for food n sips" I wish Icould come out for sips
It amazes me how ppl won't even have a twitter but willknow everything that's going on!
My day going the opposite way I just jumped out thecar with it in drive"
If I don't like you then that's says a lot about you! CauseI get alone with everybody
I wanna try a caramel frappe so bad, scared imma be addicted too" yessgawd!! They are the devil
If you think I caught a feelin' when I heard about that other chickI already knew about it!
I just needed time just to clear my mind and ask myselfWhy I didnt handle him?
Y are social network niggaz so messy lol " they oldclowns with something to prove
Mike just bit me in the face, he acting real goofy"o yea tell him come get his son "ard he said he coming
I don't like carrying umbrellas I rather just ... But this rain cold !out there !" Yes gawd
That Rain In Da Fuccin Way" yes it is" I Just Wish It Stop"u ain't the only 1
You didn't even holla at a real nigga ....dfl" I know mannn a lil busy !! LolI'm come pass tomar though!
I really don't know how to lie" I always get caught up or tell on myself"man I'm working on it
just saw a Andre Williams highlight from different game. How is he different from hiscontemporaries? Please school me sir.
If the nigga dnt want u he dnt want u changing his number to another phone to talk to his other bitches still meanshe dnt want u! dumbass
I'm not check my TL no more, y'all talk about some of the dumbeststuff and everybody DEEP THINKERS
wtf yo, i just fucked my leg up in a bus accident.. stupid assdriver "sue them niggas bro
Could we be looking at a new Champion. The title would lookgood on Big Shows shoulder.
So Goldberg jr. Has a challenge for anyone on the roster can wait tosee who accepts the challenge
Pro 40:9 I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not refrained mylips, O LORD, thou knowest.
Yhu can call me ugly ' & i still wouldnt give af ' cause thata be dumb af !
Ok so this morning I was fine but I don't feel good atall I hate being sick.
I'm really trying to make an AU game before the season is over. UGA hopefully cause I can'tafford no damn iron bowl
I saw them by bridge street last night. 6 buses. And Ihope it ain't too ugly
Hate when I come to break n I don't have a missed text phonecall FaceTime or nothin smh
Even Tho I Had Yo Gotti - I Am Album Weeks Before It Came Out... Just Got Finish Listening ToIt & It's A Classic!!!!!
BCU 29 FAMU 10. The FAMU Marching 100 is back, but they couldn't handlethe BCU Wildcat Marching Band.
Niggas out here crack me up when they wit there chick! They try to let u know that they 2gether by grabin thereass & shit like that!
I don't wanna go out tonight but it's a celebration that I don'tthink I sure miss "
They only good on the grill!! I Luv turkey burgers nI want one now "
My next bitch will not smoke iont even smoke so why would I wantyo stank breath ass to
Ijust asked my baby y she putting all that grease in her baby hair she Tom bout cuz im finna let itgrow smh grown lil lady
Vic fuckin my old bitch nunu she acting like she didn't fuck him bitch that's my Brova u thinkhe not gonna tell me
Look out for the first episode of the Verse One Show as early asthe first week of December.
My dream last night - was at my house and rocked my daughterto sleep. Trying to interpret?
Thanks for small flat rate priority boxes. I'll remember to use one if I evership a $.99 VHS tape
Watchin Eminem on BET and let m tell u this dude speaks his mind no matter what!! He gone give u the real all thetime!! Luv this dude here!
It's really damn cold at this game, but watching the Niners pick one offhas me feeling pretty good.
Lonely days I can deal wIt bt lonely nights ain't wat I want...smh..I don't wait fa love,it wait upon me. Don'trush feelings,I wait to feel
Omg without makeup Yall bitches are beasts,even so Yall goes look like Homer Da Clown! Fuckin return of Daliving dead Kmsl ..just saying*
She Might Of been there from The Beginning But it Only matters who gonebe there at the end
don't talk or listen. They observe and if it interests them then they pay attention."Wow this is really me!
2 be clear NO Illinois Bruhz won any step show in Illinois in 20years before 07 did it....
My bro said pray for my exs sad one said she gonna deal wit a new caliber dudes aka gold digger lolmust be a southern thing
2 all the single chicks dat don't need a man and taking they xmas tree out tothe alley this wkend lol
I'm happy is shit. Dem new SHOES that just came out bout tobe on my feet!!-fck yea,,,
I been talking this ignant (but true) shit for over 15 years...but NOW its hitting home one 30scome into picture...imma chill tho
Yes I'm a bears fan. If after 9 years Frazier is not making the playoffs consistently they yeahe probably will be fired.
I think 2morrow imma tweet in opposite all day....say the exact opposite of what I'm thinking atthe moment. Who wit me?
LOL yea its rough. Just relax and know ppl are trying their best and that means a lot. Plus arent uplanning the all girl day?
yea C's need to think about the future, they are not winning withthe team they have now.
I could preach a whole sermon on mogs dat look at immediate needs andneva long term...but yea nvm
This nigga just folded chicken up .....he a beast and cantbe stop .....they gotta foul
This girl said I got her in the friend zone.... naw bitch its the I ain'tfuckin wit yo ass zone
Why Do Hood Barbers cut the best but neva on time? Its like they KNOW u notgonna fuck with anyone else...
Just when u think that things are making a turn 4the worst, God shows you that he has bigger nbetter things planned 4 u.
Man I just wanted to make me some cheese eggs n grits and it turn into breakfastfor the whole fam Smdh
Really gonna use this deepfryer and try out this Jerk DeepFried Chicken RecipeI got in my head...
We took Nyla to the doggie park Saturday. She had a ball! Making"friends" like they're human lol
ion trust naan bitch round my man she gotta be his sister cuzn mama or aunt cuz Idon't mind being rude !"
This chinese restaurant slow cooks these pigeons to perfection...makes me feel likethis realy chicken and beef.
How they going act when I finish this 2nd one? Orwhen I get that Phd?
2 all the club promoters that wanna capture the "greek" market but neva went to school 2understand how it get intune
Travis wants to go to a Nets game in BK. Thinking that might be afun day trip megabus action!
The amount of liquor I drunk last nite was ungodly...But I didn't have a lick ofa hangover...Thank you Patron God.
On New years i was right by my aunt house . I shouldve wentto see && Raquel .
When u have 1 of the Best Defenses in the league u always give ya self a chanceto make noise in Playoffs
online identity theft is nothing new...most times the owner of thepix never find out. Ever.
let me find out bitches on twitter talking shit bout something that happen last year. kill yourself hoe .
we got Kcups in my office...and I'm not a coffee drinker but I knowthis makes us fancy lol
Must be nice, Having someone who trusts you despite what they've heard, Someone as mighty as a lion but stillas gentle as a bluebird.
Just cursed out my lil bros for not picking up they phones that EYE broughtdem...fuckt hey think they are?!
Ive Got. . 2Tickets To PARADISE . . . , Wo Wo Wo Woo.. Wooo Wooo Wooo .
From the look of my I see hardly no one works 2day...and I nevahad this day off before.
if your point is that i dont hold you to the samestandards as my self...your correct.
maaaaan dat would be the ultimate Kiss my ass move...but MIAcan't afford him AT ALL...
I'm not a PTO user unless I have some fun shit to do...I goin no matter the weather
Nicki no dag on well she didn't wanna say yes , but she was like I mind as well causeshe goin get through anyway
This btch stupid af on this movie , I wanna jump through the screen& smack her ass -_-
Lil Buddy looking for Connects..I aint got any for him...all I got is same ole "work hard as shit over time and ifthey don't pay ya BOUNCE"
Kickin doors, shouting, shooting. Police called, came quick, not quick enuf. Thugs return, police called,back in seconds! 3 ARRESTED.
About to call it a night and catch sum zzz tired and my princess not sleepy at allplease cum get yo child
This jazz right now>>>>>>So soothingit just takes my mind off of shitthat I be thinking about
Sitting On My Bed Bored AF >>>>> Wishing My Future Was Heraaa :), But He Not -_-
I also went on "swimming dates" by saying I was goingto pool who wit me?!
U right! I did lie! aint makin it to NFC champ game. Notif def playin this way!
Profound understanding. is like the incredible hulk.. take me at my best ormeet me at my worst."
Ppl watching downtown has to be some of the funniest shitu can do down here.
Hey I'm wondering how Brady getting fined for nearly kicking a hole thru Reed? Had noprob getting Suh tho huh?
Technology is the ultimate Can be so simple yet complex. Everytime you think you figured it outthere is more to learn.
"#Sagittarius & have a connection that is out of this world. When they fall in love there isno falling out of it."
U niggaz make it HARD for me to leave the crib! Especially after a good workout dat got me sore...
the min his team miss 3 open shots dat he pass up for the team,ak kobe will be back
I maybe petty, but I count the mins I work and stay schemingon 35 hours work weeks...
. Who Is My Momma To Tell Me How To Get My Hair , I Told Her She Gt HaOwn Head , She Bold!
I wonder how many dudes getting called up to "Boo" status not knowing they beingused to Valentine Day Dates...ONLY!
The Lord is good, a refuge in times of trouble. He cares for those who trustin him - Nahum 1:7
Its cute that yall have been together for so long, but it doesn't meananything if you weren't faithful
"God will keep sending the same ppl across your path until u learn the lesson u aremeant to learn from them."
Today is my last day drinking pop and cuttin back on drinkingalcohol.! My kidneys are bad.!
this is Olivia & I am in NOLA & Tunein is not connecting-Letme in, let me in.
this would be the biggest swerve in wrestling history. You working with the shield.Them destroying punk and heyman.
u guys r so CORNY! Ha get it. Cause the dogsnickname is.. Ahh fuck it.
That Weird Feeling When You Got Headphones In Yo Ear AndYou Think Somebody Calling You
U THINK IM PLAYING IM DONEEE ! ON STONEE IM NOT FENNA KEEPARGUIN WIDDCHO BITCHESS BOAA !
Ik y she mad nd I hate it. I wish it was a way I cld save her. I hatehoes dat make her mad.
I really don't care who u kno. I'm just telling u what u look like(sorry if I sound rude)
I keep telling you my answer but you don't listen I don't think it registers to you but if you don't wantme around fine.....always told you
You and Phadera should sit down and talk you were very good friends don't let money or a tape orthe fakes come in between.
im done with dealing with a nigga that aint mines like that chapterof my life ova "
And the final reason you know God IS KEEPING YOU IS BECAUSEYOU WOKE UP THIS MORNING!
Quiz posted for next week it's not due until Saturday at midnight I'm an over achiever I'm doing it rightnow at the bar lol
Congrats , you will be a beautiful bride! I still need to get to atl for a visit. Im going todo better in 13 lol.
I need 2 put my dam case on my phone iPonelike a new born :-(
awwwwww i wish and would love to. I so need to. I was so scared. After that wreck it effectedmy road tripping. Miss u
I still got endless bottle of trashy peach Amsterdam left..lol" yess u had endlessbottles left I'm ova dere
dang homie. I want to be like you when i grow up lol. What troubleyall get into in atl?
Torn my acl in my back my back fried tryin lifta rack of clothes smh
Haha MY MAN! Big Dante what's good wit it send me thosevideos lol"need ur number again
that's good to hear but jus hit me whenever I got the same number"awe look at this lmao
Money running from me thtz why im on dat paper chase, you betta hope he dnt run to you idgaf ima catch ah case some ofof yu niggas rap like
Heavy d eating the chicken right out the grease ctfu , talkin bout u did dat lmao" that shit burnt theroot of my mouf smfh
YA BITCHES GOIN IN THE NAIL SALON LOOKIN LIKE SHEEPS COMEOUT LOOKIN LIKE GOATS LMFAO
People Be Like I Kan Draw!!!!WTF This A Damn Stick Figure....Response: Best OneEver....Me: Shiiidd...Response: Nigga Fuck You
Sometimes i wish i had never met you, so when i lay in bed at night i wouldn't haveanything to be sad about.
THIS CHIEF KEEF CD MITE BE THE CD OF THE CENTURY I SWEAR!!!"future mixtape betterlls" NAW CHEIF KEEF VOICE
so that's funny.... so u tryin to front on twitter? Lmao.... dnt denyur love for me bofl
We gettin old as shit smh lls I remember when was 9 like yesterday" wen weain't have no worries lls
my computer was acting crazy and wouldn't play it but I'll listen to itbefore I leave for work
thats y he came bk but lol he loved u more lol n no boo now that wr togetha he aint inbox or tweet no bodylol u mad he left
My classes for this semester all seem to have A-potential. Ijust have to keep focus.
Oh my gosh, yes! The rain and cold weather has keptme from the band room.
Lord help us. Well if so, it won't be in my room. Ilike silence while I'm sleeping.
Had to change my avi cause I had a bottle in my hand..Idon't even drink no more..
Funny how people only pray and go to church during hard times andstop when it's all good
Can't wait to get off...5 o'clock cmon me and my homie getting us sum good food and good drankand talk sum shit lol
I was thankful for all the cuz I feel more smilesin 2k13 bigger and wider
What's the deal: Alicia Keys sing the National Anthem and Beyonce soon the half time show. Mytv will be on mute
This is the end of wk 4, so you should have $10 saved. Nextwk, you will save $5
I'm the newest member of the clothing brand... 2k13 stay tune.... Dropping crews nextweek.. Check out to preView
man you a lie...I aint seen you since July 6, 2011...soI kno u flexin lol
I'm giving what's giving to me, either my All or youjust another face in the
PSA: ion got Shiz to do w/ nothing that don't concern the well being ofnever been the talking type
Who wants to go out to eat wit me??? My treat! " TUH PUH nowcan't pass up the 99
Up watching NBA TV... This nigga Isaih is boring as hell. He need to stick to coaching or beinga GM or some shit...
Muthafuckas must be smokin, dat la la la or crack, 45 gun smoke choke off dat, lets get back to the musicI ain't with all that
that's how I felt when u asked me how I spent a whole 50$ ofya money in Greek village
Maybe one day ill post one of my written works show y’all the more intellectual siden just my ratchet one
man so much behind it though long story we talk tomorrow but felt like I was letting mysorrows go on them weights
Chics wanna go to the club get sloppy drunk have random make out session then wake up in the AM like theywant a relationship with u
lol I went 2 days without it ordered a new card same day I went out drunk n felt it in my boot whenI was walking lol lol
aye KID idk who house u be at sitting all over theirfurniture and shit lol lol
cats really gotta run a mile at the gym take off drinks lotsof water just to survive
wassup it dnt matter and wat type of setup the video gon be inor u dnt kno yet
The fact I have the chills and almost fainted is crazy. I really must be a lilsick or ain't liking me
We as ppl should spend less time hating on the successful and more time trying to figure out whatthey did to get ahead
This lil ninja just said I'm so disappointed mommy .... handson head and everything lol
Since U Left Me Make Sure U Don't Come Back NomoreI'm tried of waiting !!!
so I'm at this juke joint and they played the song when Dariusand Nina were Chicago stepping.
Thundercats" I'm so lost on the $200 date origin, I'm not sure if you'respewing truth or sarcasm lol
I'm bout sue the shit outta TLC for this dum ass show... Wtf is a professionalMourner wtf wtf wtf smh
Oh my god these bitches in here talkin bout hair.... Wish they stfu& do sum dam wrk
This morning in Sir Alex Ferguson's room** Wife: wake up its already 7. Ferguson:wat? they scored anothere one.
I'm not a cocky nigga, but I jus be feelin like no onecan really fuck wit me
Either Im losing my mind or ppl outchea be choosing significant others that look like their uncle, father,mother or sister. Kinda creepy.
But I'm an Aquarius, so it's in our nature to wanna bealone most of the time
aye real shit, Matt Schaub is not a accurate QB in myopinion. Just watch this game
dis ur homie SIX still streamin k104 all da every da frm D M I Crooked Letter Crooked Letter can i get a s/opla T James my Gold
When Kobe gets the ball, he gotta make one move and go. Dont wait for the defense tomake his shot more difficult.
Too much salt will kill you! Guess that's why these haters keep throwing it on me lol I never leave the housew/out my salt proof vest
i dont know much about the career paths to get to the top in Law, but if its been your dream, stickwit it and Go Hard.
i cant tell u much right now homie bc Kobe & KD playin, but u gotta be encouraged and determined.Great success doesnt come easy.
Que: where yo frat card? it's on layaway I didn't payall my pledge fees yet
stroll??? Ain't that the shit they use to write on back in the day??Naw I don't do that
Yall gotta stop dividing yall pics into 2s and 3s. Ion wanna see thesame pic that many times
What's happened to The Game coming on in Jan, no nonewants to wait til March
I will NEVER leave my phone in the hands of Shonaka and Tae again.They take a million pics
Tweeting and not texting back is the quickest way for me not to textyou back when you do
kicking it where tho. I'm confused and bish you have yetto tell me you here.
Don't allow your dreams to be shattered by a hater throwing rocks because they are afraidto chase their on dreams
Think ima slide to the game tomorrow and I don't want NO ONE beggingme for no free food
Need to get my ends clipped but a bih not goneclip all my hair off
Tae got it so hot in here that my contacts damn near aboutto fall out my eyes
Out gettin my sis something to EAT before she head toWork!!" That's sweet Ju Ju
Oh and s/o to whatever damn sigma that was outside my window yelling and woke me up out of me sleep but its yo dayso be out my nigga
Boy you niggas be wiggin ova these hoes. Bustin' windows, goin to jail n shi..smh"sound like some female ish
Baby you my everything... you all I ever wanted...we can do it real big...biggerthan you ever done it
if I can sell my old iPad for 200 I'm a hollaat you about getting one
Ik im tired so im finna go to sleep bet not nobody call me cuzu will go to voicemail
Me too Tosha I think he has someone mixed up cause only person had a drink that nightin the club was tae
MY FINGER ARE INCHIN,ITCHIN,ITCHIN FOR DAT PAPER . I AM AROUND THE CITY WITH MY CALCULATOR.IN MY ( FUTURE) VOICE
"huh" quote of the day/thought "the core of our ethics are theprinciples that define us" -wemac04
"when my daddy went to jail aint none of his boys came around or helped me out when i was down soits fuck them niggas now"
Its either you fuck with me or you dont, & if I feel as though you dont I'm not gonnawaste my time or breath"
do u need a workout schedule or u working all week." I'm off tues and Friday! I forgot whtdays I get off early
Sleepy doc in da a.m. work in da p.m. hair todo huh busy day tomorrow
Love???? Mfs cant ever say it right now a days sohow can they feel it
Mane the spot was super turned up my nigga Row brung em out jank everywhere ifu missed it oh well
Im so n love wit this man.... I love his smile his swag his dreadsI'm ur I LOVE YOU
I think she tryna make me mad , everytime I see her she say where my BESTFRIEND ett ; I dont knoo& cudd care less .
aint really got shit to do i was only sliding if this nigga docwas going to this meeting
g the big ten the best conference so u cant be mad at these niggas for losing but theywait til the end smh
Let my people out them chains nigga i mean handcuffs time to man up put my hands up fuck u saying bruh cause im ablack man in a phantom
I need to find out where some more places are that's hiring...being at home not doingnothing isn't for me!!! =)
Some people call Justin bieber a fag but I think he's not there jealous cause his voicebut he's not them haters
My Bestfraand Lost his granny today,he couldn't figure why she wuld want him 2 stay with her these last fewdays..He just cried right her
"If you dontdesign yourown life planchances are youllfall into someone elsesplan.And guess what they haveplanned for you?Not much.―Jim Rohn
If you gotta argue nd fight over yo nigga he was neveryours to begin with!! -__-
ray is one of the greatest players, defenders ever! Even today, he can still play with the best ofthem if he wanted to.
only team that won their wild card game on the road?! You've already provedyour point! GET THAT W!
I call it the charlie batch disease lol. Didn't he have red flags in the draft? He's ok now, butif it keeps happening, idk.
I think chris bosh need to have the most shot attempts every night. Lebron should get 5assists to him everygame. Fair?
Good Morning!!! Sending a Special Thanks to everyone who was in attendance last nightfor the first show recording
Get Cha Mind Right Open Mic !! 9pm TONIGHT Purple Cafe 3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL we are feat D5 Hosted by Huggy Bear
Open Mic TONIGHT!! Purple Cafe 3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL Feat Huggy Bear Da Poet!! Guest Host2 Loose $7 Holla.9pm Sharp!
Get Cha Mind Right Open Mic. Tonight at The Purple Cafe 9pm. Feat Mz CarriMail. ItsErotic Night! Brimg extra Panties!!
Just waking up. .and it's almost time to get ready for work. .smh..thinkin of calling out lol
Love is not finding a hand that perfectly fits yours. It's finding the one who is willing to hold your hands no matterhow unfit it may be.
"How I need you How I need you Oh Jesus, walk with me." My prayerfor today and this year.
"As a father, you are not first a disciplinarian. You are a discipler. Mom, your main role is not to makemeals, but to make disciples."
Up at work tired need to go home but if i didnt love my job i swear iwould of called in lol
You Like Me YOU LIKE ME You Hate Me YOU HATE ME <> But Just Know im Going ToAlways Be Me Regardless. >>>>>
Who cares how you haters feel!!! Still got my money!!!!! Oooooo all I see is$ signs, money on mind!!
This weekend I gotta get my hair n eyebrows done! I been too booed up n lazy lbs!!!Time to get it together!
You the 1 I dream about all day, you the 1that I think about always!!!
It's crazy how I really like my ex boyfriend so much butI can't tell him smh
A Bunch Of People Jumping On Notre Dame Band Wagon Tonight Cause They Either Tired Of Bama Winning The BCSChampionship Or They Auburn Fans.
Y should i get suspended i didn't thro a puNch nothing just askher to cum out Side
The eye is the window of the soul if the eye is dark great is the darkness dispell the darknesslet the light shine in
I swear man if iy anit one thing its another dis shit is trulygettin' on my fuckin nervs
Sometimes , i wish i could read your mind to find outhow you feel about me
:) měla jsem na mysli extraligu, tam snad plexi je :) Jinak díra u ledu je super, ale viděla jsem ji vNHL snad jen na jednou.
I wish someone will be kind to take me to themovies to see mama :)
Ig Everybody Thought It Would Be Ok To Go Out andLeave Me Here / :
Me an dazy gone have matching bathing suits but mine gone be pink orblack or pink an gray
Watching the 1st Power Ranger movie w/ my babies.... I love watching movies that I used to watch whenI was little w/ them
haha I don't watch it at work I'm talking bout at home... I'm not a paramedic but Ido work at the hospital
I don't think ima go out this weekend... I'm just gonnastay in & do homework
Seen Vicki tonight! I love her & Tyrina! & Toya &Jasmine & Krystal crazy asses!!
you know what... I'm being nice today soo instead of insulting you ima justgone say "Good Day Sir"
Please keep my mommy in your prayers tonight as she gofor surgery in the am!!
If I could explain the misery I would right a song, oh wait Iforgot I suck at music.
You wouldnt put your money on the other guy if youknew what I already know.
If you had to choose between your girlfriend and winning the lottery? What kind of car would you buyfirst? A green sun fire.
My hair is on the best flow right now excuse me if I swoosh myswoop all uppidy and ish
Its so awkward when ppl say "im going natural now " but i know my hair wont go straight like yours". Me: yes itcan! Them: it wont Me:oh
lls keep the timeline up in the left corner press menu then scroll andyou will see log out
I LOVE HUCK ! But everytime you seem to like someone on the show they end up doingsomething that blow you lol
All of you would most definately enjoy it players our age and up ! You can create your ownteam or join another team.
Its absolutely Gorgeous!!! Today ! feeling like spring has arrived early ... But of course thisweather it'll ice cold soon
Yeah I agree with that but for the winter I can deal, at lease its not snow andsame here business as usual
Umm its snowing and its really sticking hope I get home beforeit gets dark and slippery
Cat's eye might be the only bar downtown that has live musicevery night. Prove me wrong.
at piece with not obtaining a life goal??? I guess man...But everyone go about ish different(I'm a testament 2 dat)
I see what Thibs doing tho, he trying to temper expectations cuz his career is tied toRose...I jus hate the pessimism
We wasn't on some fuck youtube shit! We traveled talked shit andgot to know the bruhz!
Wait a min... this Cassie "Indo" track is pretty dope... Solangehelped her make a hit
Why do haters eat beans for dinner? So they can takea bubble bath lmao. Hater
I be so happy when i wake up from a bad dream....custhey be feelin too real
Damn. I haven't been on Twitter in a long time letme see what's going on
Lmao Im goin to bed, shit really just blew me to the max cnt help but laugh cuz of course it'll endup being flipped on me
I'm gonna post this & turn twitter off. It's so frustrating that everyone says this yet knows nothing.I hope he gets better.
Sometimes i think you were you raised on a farm Cause you sholl know howto raise a cock. lmmfao
I think ima have 2 make dat one phone call, ndlet my bae know wassup.
At ur best you are love, ur a positive motivating force within my life. And if you feel the need towonder why, let me know....
wish I could Come visit......Cali......I'ma get out there when I get my incometax tovacate.. Maybe we'll link up..
Can't wait to meet up with my boys, and at this PG-Hueytown Basketball game! Gunna bea good friday coming soon!
cfblive yall keep hollering fsu they beat clemson who only legitimate win was against georgia,who's notwhat we thought they were.
I had my gum blessed by an Angel this morning. Imma chew thesleeves off this gum lol
Amazed, I just downloaded and watched what I missed last night on besides thisis my new favorite show.
I look at it like this. Even the Haters got Love for me. You know why?? Because they Love ToHate me. HATE ON PLAYA.
lol I will we need to have a nail day well I dnt need mynails done just my feet
See idk if it's Cuz we don't go to the same schools or our lives changing it's likeour communication all fucked up
25 people on this flight. My snoring will truly stand out.Nappy nap time. Peace out.
I swear to God I was just thinking is that why Dae Dae calls me thatlmao" so you're just understanding
wats up rappers? Y'all still shooting hoops with me today? My mom made ox tail andcook up rice.. No pressure...
I got all these damn drugs inside me babyyy, They get me feelin likeI'm goin in a matrix
I Remember My Past How I Used To Let Shit Disappoint Me Fast But Now I'm Like Fuck It Shidd IGot Ca$h Ta Count Nbs.!
World Studies Teacher Wild Asl For Given Us This Paper To Type In Its Due Toma >_< I'm Write ButJust Type It In School.!
Sitting here reflecting on how good God is! August has left us but guesswhat, I have no complaints!
My Moma Food Be So Good Its A Guaranteed Fact That It Will Make U Feel Some TypeOf Way And Fall Asleep.!
since I didn't go to school today I guess I'll lay back down till I can findme something to get into
Just have to deal with everything an pray to get through it... You cannever go wrong with praying
oh ok I will try that out.... Well how do I ask for it if it'snot on the menu? Lol
I'm quiet but I just ride wit it. Moment I stop havin fun witit I'm done wit it
That when u walk pass Victoria secrets & a lady is picking up underwearthen you both make contact
Whatup, I'm cool. Just been staying out the way. How youand that lil lady doing?
But for me and Noelle to be eating Krispy Kreme donuts this time anight lol we so fat
A nigga ain't never around when he on top! But will do everything in his power to bringyou down when he down
and how long ago was that? Lmfaoo. I been since I could remember now. . I could shed a tear I'mso happy for u lol
Just woke up from a nap I really don't know howI fell asleep that fast
saw u handling them bills today in u no where early.....lol....same shit homie.....1.....chicks always lookn for a pay day
coach trestman is just what the dr ordered 4 my BEARS! We owe minny 4 that crappy loss 2 themlast yr. Let's Go Bears!
I think you'd be lucky to get 5k, but even then what car would you get that's better thanthe one you have now?
Attention: All Mets fans send out tweets as much as possible 4 Cuban 1b Jose Abreu thisoffseason 2 become a Met
and I know u see me & his daddy textin u u r wrong for tht shit I hope u r think in twice and I hope uknow wht u r doin,,,
Why Tf Would U Call Him Mf I Just Said He Didnt Put ItIn Dere Dam Just stfu
Today calls for relaxation, pampering, eating.. a lot.. And sleeping morethan 3 hours a night
HONESTLY,I REALLY DON'T GAF ABOUT WHAT YOU THINK OF THE MUSIC I LIKE....YEAH I GUESS IM LAME CAUSE IONREALLY LIKE 2 CHAINZ?? DAFUQ...
I believe in the millions of possibilities in this world but pleasingeverybody isn't one of them
Marriage isn’t for yourself, you’re marrying for a family. Not just for the in-laws and all of that nonsense,but for your future children.
Ill do all day if I could, put a lumber jack onand give you the wood.
People got 20/20 vision when it comes to YOUR problems, but be RayCharles to their own bullshit!"
If another person say I look like Ceaser from Black Ink immasmack the shit outta them
I swear yo if we get this ok on the bowl game shit gonna get real dark n scary fast forwhoever we play I promise!
you see this .. "hey mar my baby , I miss you" I miss you too.
Didn't make it to Waffle House nor Ihop last night so I'm aboutto make my own breakfast
I Woke Up In Some New Punani , He Woke UpBleeding Like Who Shot Me!
I Forgot all About Ask.fm But Go Ask Me Stuff I just put The link BackIn my bio Soo Goo.
I'm thankful for all the celebs and non celebs I have interacted with over social media the past several yearsu guys inspire me constantly
I don't trust easily, so when I tell you I trust yu, pleasedon't make me regret it...
U have proved time and time again that you don't give a shit and you are too good to be over here so just saythe fuck where you st
Today I feel like oscar the grouch...looking for the nearest trashcanto hide in till 5pm.
I think I saw the meteor too but I thought itwas a stunt from !
People really never seem to amaze me. I get so sick of people only hitting youup when they need you
I swear college is useless I'm done wat that shit unless its freeand I'm talkin golf classes
ok I get off at 230 so ima come wash ifyou don't have any plans
ERETHING on sale.. They bouta bumrush the doors I jus hope nobodytries to steal anything smfh
Dum bitch jus said damn tyga been text Gucci earlier... You dum bitch tyga on the westcoast... Smfh I'm done yo
Niggas a snitch on a niggaaa at work then somebody come snitch rite on them and den theybe sick ass shit lls
If u tryin sell a iPhone call ur community CARRYOUT theywill geek off that shit
Student loan ppl in my bushes so bad they got my first pair of shoesin they rear view mirrors!!!
I'm already knowing when I talk to him he got somewords for my little ass
I need to go wash I don't have a clue of what I'm putting on omfg I have too many damn clothes & always sayingI don't have any lies
Cause I didn't know he called & I don't have a miss call that tripping spazzing shit I'm notfor it tonight at all
Good morning; we wish u all w wonderful Monday may God blessings, mercy, and grace be with u all.Holy Spirit go out b4us in Jesus name Amen
Why we gotta steal my saying tho. "Slow dancing is how you catch feelings" I said thatsame exact thing last night
Visit schools... you need to understand what is happening on the ground inorder to lead sustainable change.
Wow! Lilacs and champagne at metro.. One of the best shows i've seen. Jazz metal? And westill have Grails to go!
someone should make a website where they stream a go-pro camera that is attached to their cat, 24/7.They would win the internet.
Do you care? Do you love it? Your answers should be No and Yes, respectively,if you are Icona Pop.
Man it's hot as shit out here!! I see why I normally be sitting in my car and I'm 1house away fr bus stop!!
I was warned long ago by your friends!!! Smh.... Yeah change soon!!! U trip cause you in your feelingssmh really who does that???!!!
Who wanna buy d tape of rocko running and guwop kickin him in ass. Wit my house shoes on lol.I want 250k" I'm dead!!!
Then I got with Jazz, Bear and Lary and won chips in unlimited I was the manas a pup" FB huh
Solid that tilapia looked all that I b hungry looking atya shit u gotta chill
Yall do know mogs doing cuffing season for they 10th year str8 is doing thisALL THEE fuck wrong right?
depends on how u meet me...I simply don't care about a lot of stuff most do...so itcan come off as "chill"
Its crazy how common practice it is for ppl to exxagerate they heights...like 90percent of ppl do it.
and be honest, do YOU like a guy that would bethat passive and allow that?
sorry sheem, im over 6 feet and I never had to jump thruhoops...I only dunk alley oops.
I hate u phathom degree having niggaz too! Why even speak on it? Shit I don't even knowwhere my degree is located!
U mogs with no experience expecting 6 figgaz outta school blowme...who sell yall these dreams???
Yall bet not be giving ANY money to a mog with gray hair playingon buckets next to road!
If anyone need a good furance installer for LOW fuck with me uknow I got it (info)
Imma speak on this perp that work at Lowes once I'm donedoing this grown up shit...
Maaan I ain't rocked a pair of wheat tims in hella...Icelebrate them coming back lol
I think 2014 will be the year of the Mistress by the waywomen big up Oliva Pope...
Great show tonight! Do you think you can send the furniture backwith Dr. Phil? Those ottomans...
man you should hv told me so I can give you your 101class lol"lol I should of
Ihate everything about moving" yesss me 2"the freakn worst" it will bover b4 u no it
109 hard "yes gawd"how u get up there so fast" I'maddicted and now I'm stuck
If you know that you Betta then the new girl that he on, go head & tell em now u gonnamiss me when I'm gone!!!
The thing that caught my eye is the same thing thatmakes me Change my mind!
I have a problem, My phone keep shutting down by it's self what do Ineed to do..... HELP! PLEASE
Just finished watching sleepy hollow. Its scarey funny, and same time. Its likeyour on a rollercoaster ride.
Happy for the Jets. They are gonna need all the helpthey can get this season.
Today was really good. I'm so happy to be alive and well. I'm really grateful for all the many thingshe has done for me.!!!√√
My daughter washed the dishes for some cash. Once she got paid, she said "i'mrich and in getting richer"!
If u can't afford to fill up ur gas tank at least once every 2wks, don't buy a SUV.
Man if I have roommates I would make sure sex sounded like a murder scene forget beingrespectful you gone hear that
I wish I was on this show, I'm all about marvel and I'm one of thebiggest nerds in Indianapolis xD
The only people I owe my loyalty to are those whonever made me questions theirs!!
I got three kids and I told them we gonna make it out the Hood and I rather die beforeI take my words back
Oh well Sneaker Con was dope.... Now LOOK LOUNGE is where uall need to be 2nite.
Imma be gettin hella sex dis wk since Govt workers aint got no jobs. Feel like a18yr old on Fall Break!
I AINT REALLY REALLY TRIPPIN.IM JUSS GON WATCH N SEE HOW DIS SPANDS OUT (SITS BACK,KICKS FEETUP,N PUTS HANDS BEHIND HEAD)
My lil freestyle: u ah ok rapper,but i aint snitchin U JUSS MADE DAT MAH HAIRLOOK BETTA DEN YA BITCHES.
Ooohhh snap!!! I aint goin tmr cause i gotta go tuh daeye doctor (dances like Carlton)
"meek mill rap like he came home n saw all his shiton da porch" JSJSKSKSKSKSJJDDHH LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO
Parents: lemme check yo twitter. Me: ok juss give me a minute-logs out and deletes app-
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE HE JUST RAN FROM THE COPS AND HE EXPLAININGWHAT JUST HAPPENED" ahhh lmfaoo
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE SOMEBODY ATE HIS LEFTOVER FOOD IN THE FRIDGE BUT THEY ALLSAYING THEY AIN'T DO IT"
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE SOMEBODY KEEP CUTTING HIM OFF IN THEMIDDLE OF HIS SENTENCE" CTFUUUUUUUUU
"aye ik yall niggaz heard dat pop dat dont stop song byfrenchy Montana WATCHU TWERKIN WIDDDD"
Hope tomorrow hurry up and gets here. Can't eat or drink after midnightis going to kill me.
I'm just wondering why you do have a Kentucky blue bike. They didn'thave a red one. Lol
Wondering what in the heck am i doing? What directions i need to take . Ready for Godto reveal somethings to me.
i didnt ask 7 i figured she wasnt interested, but i text 9 and she may haveto work. She travels alot.
Think I'm coming down with the flu. I hope I don'tend up in someone's ER
I swear... All I do is fuckin work. I would killto have one Saturday off.!!!!!
yea but not against bama and Nick saban. Saban my dude. He the type of coach who sayplay ball fuck everything else.
Yesterday I would have saw 2 boxes but 2 days I saw the 2eyes stepping my game up
I so need a monster combination in my life! Focus on thosebands that make u dance
I love u but if this shit wins the oscar u will thank me ... Cause u know the the weirder the movie themore likely it will win
Missed out on my whole lil "break" cause this broad grown ass in here sharpeningpencils like it's her job
When I went to LA it was 8 blocks of homeless people and BeverleyHills was a block down..smh
My hair is bogus the gym really took its toll onit..it's sweated the fuck out
Im about to do something big for Hip Hop in 2014. Just remember.DAY OF DESTRUCTION!!!! Game Over.
I CELEBRATED 1 YEAR OF SOBRIETY ON SEPT 3. ON OCT 6, I'M GIVING BACK.. STAY TUNED FORDETAILS. I UNDERSTAND THE STRUGGLE!!!
A lot of the old school rappers are straight assholes. I would say names but why should I givethem any shine???? Fuckin idiots!!
I hat when a bitch txt me an ask me when I'm cme see her and I say u tel me and she say idk bitch why df u txt me forhoe fuck my whole day
It crazy why ppl say that gt sme good but 2week later tht fuckin that friend yea she a hoe Dnt kissher cuz that a hoe
went to sleep at 10 now I'm up but I'm about toforce myself back to sleep
ok ill go today do I have to use it before I style my hair or can Iput it on it now
This show is all about what you talked about with another bitch at anotherrestaurant or park. The fuck
World war z was good. Didn't think it would end the way it did but it's getting me ampedup for The walking dead
I really need a vacation. I haven't been to the beachat all this summer wtf
Dez hoes fo anyone n they know it, it's just dez lames niggas who don't see, dez hoes some hood rats n they it, Iknow exactly where they be
THIS herd 2 kids was living that yolo life at electric zoo. yall betterdo like bran nubian and
Im playing fantasy football with my job.. and I got the raven defense and rayrice… I'm getting points.. yesss!!
I be in the gym getting it in man.. When its all said and done twitter n instagram just gonna have to letme flourish in my nakedness
Talk to my student today about GTAV and I must say his description regarding interacting with the game hasme wanting to play it
I just read the funniest description of Chief keef "Keef, who has a mop top of noodling dreadlocks that hangpast his eyes shaggy-dog style
Lmao bears fans harassed tony d on twitter like nigga getyour mind right and believe
So how many of you culture snob niggas gonna change your opinion about Yeezus afterseeing that interview now huh?
European wine just taste diff man… I was over there a month and a half and drank daily at random and neverhad any bad tasting wine
It totally threw me for a loophole when it came to whatI thought was my preference
Straight cooln.....in relax mode....this cd is the truth......you got down on this one....... I lovekmichelle cause she so real
Showing of for twitter tht sht bigg dead cuh yu gone be feeling some type of way when I say Im donewth yo goofy asssz .!
I have an idea..they accept the $3m deal and just give methe $500k they disagree on
Going through old DM and shit on twitter thinking to myself I wasa freak lol back then
My favorite songs from Dreamgirls are Move, We Are A Family, IAm Changing, Patience, and Dreamgirls.
I wish I had more hands so I could give all thesefootball posts more thumbs downnn
What the deuce. .. I hate the smell of spray tan...this shit gots ta go.
Lucky I ain't have to grow there I would only go there cuz it'sniggas that I know there
Goin to schnucks to gt every flavor 32oz power-aid 2/$1 lol judge me..but u probably want one
Feeling dwn ..but this chocolate cupcake is gona make me smile :) lol judgeme all u want !
Dude plz dnt say anything ignorant to me ..ur the one who looks silly smh I cant live inpeace in the world lol
be sure to bring it by the crib 1 day during the week so I canbe the only 1 here
Some of you or all of you might not read this but my dream is to make it within the pros and hopefully withme live streaming it'll help
Statistic show that 99/ 100 men who text back K getfriend zone by a woman
Why does my last day of work before vacation have to be so damn stressful im going to need a goodas massage after thid day...
man Turn Up.. dm who you gotta to be non angry..that shitcauses gray hairs and wrinkles
going to Charlotte for the day Saturday. But ill be here tonight. I needto find something to do
Aww, look at me trying to stay loyal asf & Niggaskeep talking to me !!
Music stimulates your brain's frontal lobe, increasing your attention span & ability toprocess explains alot about peers
I need a big bottle of patron. And a bag oflimes... Ill be all set
Sometimes a person don't know a good thing even if it was toslap them in the face!
Miley Cyrus is campaigning for that black card and that line from Jay wasa boost to her ego.
Ok enough of this jay z .. Let me play this newjuicy j track real quick
I am not about to let the past repeat itself..... ugh the ShitI have to go through...
I Don't Care Bout Nothing But Me And My Money, We Never Breaking Up. It's Team US. No OneWill Ever Come Between US.
Pitt defense is trash. Not taking anything away from Winston but hell I prollycould throw on they defense
I see y'all tryin to get blazed !!!but y'all ain't even try to offer nobody none,the saying is "puff puff giveMOTHER***** and get high !!
Ughhhhhh I wanna go to my bestfwenddd funeral but I don't have no way... Sleep Tight See yousoon or later: ( R.I.p
placing the blame on others other than looking in mirror is alil unhealthy...everyonebeing wrong instead of self?
Can't we all just get along?? There's enough room for everyone. I stay in my own lane. So why arethey still worried?? Never Ends
My lil vacay was much needed! My mind didn't run AS much...nowit's back to becoming a
Leave me the f**ck alone thats what you better do..funerals stay on schedule.. I don't even care about thecharges ,if they ain't federal!
Nothing more disappointing than having the feeling of major shits. Running to bathroom. Covering seat and nothing butloud ass gas comes out
How You Got A Nigga Wit A Wheel But Ya Ass On The Broad Street Line Ya Pussy Must Not Be ThatGood For A Car Ride
I'm not sure the storyline will go that way, but who knows. There is always twistsand turns on that show
I miss the early 2000's defenses and I want to seethem again. Should be nice.
Think I'm bout to go order this 2 $20 with anappetizer just for myself" greedy
Sustainability is sooo SEXY! Not a lifestyle but a way oflife for those with style.
Lmaoooo !!! One day ima flame Jordan soo good ...he gon let meoff with it ..one day
Hi I'm dejhanae love 101it is so fun to be on tweet and tanks for all of it andbey form dejhanae love 101
Everytime I get Chinese, I like the first five bites then Iwanna throw the rest away
And you "I cant wait till shit blows over so I can get back to jokes and bullshit..." types arereally irking my damm soul
Don't invite me over your house if you don't have AC.."realshit imastand yo ass up everytime
Off work. Budweiser connect called with a bunch of free beer. I don't drink that shit anymore butu can't beat free! Lol
that's just my due date only 4% women have their babies on the actual due day,im just readyfor him to be out
Confession Thursdays: I like sexy ankles and I can not lie. If you got ugly ones pleaae do not applyLmao. *song in my head
World of Tanks Xbox360 beta is alot of fun, but so far its much more simple then the PC.hopefullythis just for the beta.
hey if ya talented u will always have a job in my eyes...or am I taking supplyand demand theory 2 far?
These kids are picking up on my vibe I gotta find away to turn this around...
I feel so dead without my phone but finally got some music soim managing time without it
I just suddenly got the craving for chilli cheese fries afterseeing a picture on facebook
If I call ur phone how u dont answer but text were they do thatat lls" lol they busy
Just booked deb for her charger I told her I was coming back downhere today yea aight lol
I hear him in the background talkin I jus put a big ass coolaid smile on my face
I Have Another 3 Bed Room House Brand New Everything Section 8Ready Inbox If Your Interested!!
7venCity LIVE 4th of July Hookah Bash at Midnight Kings (318 N. Charles St) Powered by X105.1 Radio- Ladies free before 11
If someone tries to constantly break u dwn ..wat does tht mean !? U envy me or jealous ..ion boast noram I ignorant ..idk .....
I would be you know how y'all act so good look oryou jut make it yourself
Fuk wit me wrong take me out my zone n ill nock the mutha fukin snow off of yo cone my niggas man itstank in this bitch mus
i want to know what is going on in the world, but all the news cares about is thisbaby. get over it already.
Over this designer talk on my time line....you buying that shit off of acrack head it's voided G.
Any OC that calls a running play up the middle on third and longshould not be coaching FB
Omw to My doc visit better have good news I can'ttake no more bad news
Yet Again Didn't Do Shit For My Bday Man This Shit So Fuckin Crazy Everything I Wanna Do Mfers Can't Help Or Join In ButFuck Yal I'm Good .
The point is 100$ is a big difference to a lot of people and many don't carefor kinect or want it.
Wheres the farmers market in Como? I need some fresh greens in mylife."u aint bout that life
Good Morning. God's plan for your life far exceeds the circumstancesof your day. Be Blessed.
People claim they want to work and need jobs but dont take the job when youcall them. So fuckin stupid
Finally up from my nap, guess i will go hang with my moms until turnup time with my girlies
I have tried it and while not the easiest thing I have done realized it can be solooking forward to the challenge
I think I'm gonna go through my clothes again on Friday and see what I can sell.I need room and space
Want on the hubby to come back with the loud and finish thewashing and clean the house
Would you walk away from 4yr-10.5m guaranteed overseas to play on a 1yr-1m contract in the NBA? Questionfor my bros that hoop...
everywhere has them on preorder I've been trying to buy some forthe last month or two
I see how they do it in the D feed you lobster ravioli then put you out to stay with granny..well grannyJoyce im on the way
shut up you ain't trying to go. Tickets are too highthey are 500 right now.
Aye I'm mad at u putting me on this show and its only 1 season! U know I blow thru series like acrack head thru insurance money!
fa sho and I normally don't thats whats pissing me of more I think.. and thats100. Appreciate it my dude
Lmfao I know the crowd like nigga please PLEASE don't stage dives/o to the remix !
"It's only led me to complete awesomeness at all times. It's only led me toawesome truth and awesomeness. "
naw, but I think imm check out "the killing" on netflix next.What's dat Donovan show about?
u preaching to choir chief, I had a chevy corsica and gotgood action in it lol
just touched back down in dat SC... Tryin to find somethingto get into... Any ideas?
But wait I really be up like my phone be popping on something the lil 4-5 people I talk to everydayis sleep and at work
I am so gratful that God is speaking and I am hearing. Ministry is all inme and I must do.
Im tired of dis shit man im gne im leaving fuk dt shit she want me gneanyway man damn ha idgaf
Lil wine got me feeling some type away!" Yoooooo I'm mad the bar not open theywas good as shit" yesssssss
I just randomly held my hand up to this dudes muscle in the gym .. His shit is thesize of my hand man...
My *** been hustling tryna make him somethin, aint no tellin what he'll do for the paper.... This song is dumbbut i be boppin lol
I have to much for respect for Rachel Jeantel on the show. Shetells it like it is!
Slept like a rock for 4 hours. Now, I'm wide awake. Thelife of an insomniac *smh*
being the best boy band ever and making me feel better aboutmyself! Love you guys! <33333
People like to categorize HipHop as Old School or New School. BULLSHIT!!! The categories are eitherGood or Bad. Wake Up!!!!
Have you ever noticed ppl say 'that's funny' when they want to acknowledge you tried to be humorous but don'twant to say you failed
Dorian a true nigga... He been homeless twice (aka sleeping on his girlcouch) and got two girlfriends
I see you singing 90s tunes on my timeline..would you be interested in listeningto a 90s RnB mix?
I got my fit for Toma u can catch me on the beach man with agallon of 1800 real tlk
At work and Josh jumps up and says he has to go to the bathroom. Mr. David replies with,"do all the right things."
It's the first of the month, rent is due. If you don't have nothin on the table. You ain't gotta worrybout being a dog catcher..
next thing u know he go back to his desk. I came over and said "stop all dat playin in public". He steppeson my shoe, I slapped
I'm so lost when I log on now...emojis and new lingo and shit. The world move way toofast for Kim son now
I didn't believe HOV was coming to bham until it showed on ticketmaster. Because yesterday every city but bhamwas showing. It's on there
Wish he hurry up so I can go to sleep haven't been in his arms in three daysso u kno I'm hype
What's more impressive, a team that beats a whole bunch of cupcakes and makes it to the championship or a team thatbeats 7 top 25 teams?
What is going on??? My home was broken into. Lawn mower stolen.Oh yeah......2 Tim. 3: 1-5...
Tennessee fans bragging about recruiting class when national signing day ain't until next year. Decommits will beat an all time high
I wish he say his toes pretty again , omg :: he insults mewhen he says that lol
She Always Takin Bout How I Sit At Home All Day But When I Get Asked To Go Places You Complainin Bout HowIm Always Tryna Do Somethin
yeah, the endings are so great, I want to see what's going tohappen in the next ep.
I liked ciaras performance 2 & dats bout it bt others wasnt bad. Wish asap rockyperformed & others I guess.
See my life,its like a seesaw, and until I move away,this weight is going to keep me to the floor, travel withme through my deep thoughts!
if I wasn't so cooped up in apt I'd go with you been trying to makethat move for two weeks
You are one of those moms that love your kid's extra hard! But you have to let your son be aman with his own relationship.
Up early watching UFC I ain't the one for this either dude looked like his leg broke when he gotkicked in the face lol
hit em with some of this roses are red.. Time freezes and Iget goose bumps rhetoric lol
How Most Guy Prepare A Text To Their Girl: "I Love You." *Erased* "I Miss You." *Erased* "Can WeTalk?" *Erases* "What's Up?" *Sends*
Just found me a new boo at chipotle! He gave me two scoops of steak anddidn't charge me for double!
I never wanna go back out there to many fake tough niggas I fuck around n try to rob everybody lmao.I be outta town die
Thought I'd be able to clean out my car but the machine only takes dimes wtfkind of crap is that
I don't know of any women that wants to be single, so when you ladiessay "I'm single by choice"
Ugh folks blow me with that mess. When you busy living your own life you don't have timeto worry about other folks
Fuck I look like , & I bet my mom won'tsay shit about it .
Mann ppl still in they feelings like damn how long ago was that again. Lhh buti aint trippin they lose
there was no lol...plus i was referring to what you said, notyou, even though its true
well i dont know about those streets where you are but my chipotle is full ofyuppies and professionals on lunch
Didn't have to do much for meals in UG but steal...aint proud of it, but meal plans was goneby Thanksgiving and spring break.
So what I'm getting from my TL is that April reallyaint bout using a phone
Two of my homies fighting and they both acting like kidsso fuck both of them.
It amazes me how ppl get upset wit me all I didwz ask a question tuh
typo. That should have said GZ told investigators that was not him calling for help in thebackground on the 911 tapes.
Ok now let me do this album some justice and hook it up to the speakers and take it to the lab....Stay tuned for my reaction
If I could have it my way everyone I ever have or will interact with would just listen 2my music at least once!
lets schedule for this coming Tuesday...at the Evergreen AppleBees so we can payrespect to the Plaza too.
Lowkey half of you talking about struggle meals ..your parents were just having a lazy week anddidn't wanna go grocery shopping
I know there's a name, gotta be a name for this shit . . I just don't know what, don't know whatto call it!" My shit
Chip Kelly is gonna leave philly after one year and takethe USC head coach job
they got us waiting all day for a simple number or something.My patience running thin! Lol
TODAY WAS MY FIRST TIME EVER HEARING ABOUT YOUR MUSIC AT ESSENCE AND I LOVE LOVE LOVE "BEST FRIEND " !!CAN'T WAIT 4 DA ALBUM!!
I can't lie I want them 3s sat but I can'tcop another pair of Jordan's"
Since I work in the morning minds well get rest now cause being a work all day tomorrow I'mnot trying to be tired
Fly to the Chi or roll thru the A? Maybe evencheck out AZ. Decisions decisions
Don't be looking at my forehead, chest area... Behind me. Look me in my eyesit's not that damn hard
ME TOO I LOVE WENDY SHE IS MY BIG SISTER IN MY HEAD IWOULD LOVE TO MEET HER
Watching Auburn and OleMiss game from 2002 on CSS. JasonCampbell andEli Manning were the QBs
I wish could speak to alot of u folks about her work ethicand desire to be great.
It's no fuckin way I'd be driving a 06 range rover WITH PAYMENTS just to say I gottarange rover. Nigga are stupid
If you don't lose all your dignity when I Need A Hot Girl come on, thenwe could never be friends
I don't either but bruh . Everything that's running in my mindhave to be a sin
Let me explain wasnt that funny but it was funny...people be hypingstuff up way too much
Didn't mean to ruffle any feathers with my how much weight u gained since HSquestion...ok yea I did lol
hello Steven A me and my husband love the show we set the alarms for10am here in South FL
Be commenting on my ig pics but wen yu see me in streets u act like yu Neva seen me lls... These social networksmake ppl weird ass shit!!
So the flight is "potentially oversold" but they will sell me an upgraded boardingfor A1-15 for $40. Hmmmm.
A couple days off to get back to football and lifting and to get your head straight will be good foryou. You need a break.
So my sup told me i can telecommute from another state. Wish i knew i hadthis option 3 years ago.
Ex's who been 2gether 3 plus years still talk from time 2 time just no that unlessthey really hate each other
Today would be the perfect day to be tanning at thepool it's a heat wave!
I don't knock the hussle...But do know technology always catches up...cuz they will pay a clown like me 2learn how to stop it.
Lol… From what I have read so far, it seems pretty good and a number of people have recommendedit. Hope your doing well.
If u seen what i seen u would sell drugs to if the shoe was on the other foothow could I judge u
I use to love McDonalds in college. Double cheeseburger value meals all willy nilly.Haven't had one since 09
pls save all comment til end of book...pls and thanks...den alley oopbook 2 ya Prophtyes lmao
"I'll take off my socks so she can take a look atmy pedicure." - Stevie J
Changing the world is going to take much prayer,advocacy for human life and commitment to change the mindset ofourselves to pass to others.
I run a D or EE, depending on who makes the shoe. For me, though I'm more apt to geta larger size. Try Zappo's.
Why is they talkin bout John cena during this match shut the fuck up king & that other guy wedon't give 2 fuck about
So they said banana give u more energy then coffee! " really I gotta try that"I was thinking that 2
People getting mad cause the iPhone download taking three hours. You and the rest of the WORLD are tryingat the same time dumbass
he happy as shit he got a phone gon tell me "bitch you got my number" i waslike he happy as shot
Ummm its Friday. That is all. Oan I needz me some more coffee.Who got on ankle socks.
Gmfu think I going to wash them dishes hell now got other kids and its noteven my go nigros trippy
in fact, I get a little irritated with Usher sometimes. Seems to dance more than sing.Want my singers to sang!
I no for a fact hoe! As a matter fact justleave me alone & carryon
- I jus feel hella hard nd people was in the hall allicould do was laugh !
- He said " whats 3×3 " She said " 6 " im weak af whre df didshe go to skool at
If you ask God to renew your mind, he will change your entire life.... thank youfor a great word ...
I personally think memphis has best squad in west. Best defense in my opinion, playsdifferent style in the west.
I don't like the first pick either. I would rather have clemson WR or woods, or acorner or jesse will, but
Fina go do a client dreads ..gitta dress appropriate cuz I kni rhe whole hood fina be blowing n choosing ..Iaint goinjus getting this bread
i live in detroit, my boss bought some tickets to see pistons, but against bobcats, raptors etc. Can Iget a heat game! Haha
I kno I dnt fit that "picture" so we jus having fun ..you'll be myfriend for life tho :/
Im up ..barely slept at all ..damn ppls decision can really effect your piece of mind ...been havingmini dreams all night smh
Educators cant control classrooms ..not because of ADHD ..but because of a lack ofdiscipline in the home. .
I love Mellow People all that loud Sh*t For what tho???? But I Will turn Up Quickif you take Me Der
He know he know the game he ain't no lame He know Im gonedo the best I can
you're not the only one confused and I'm trying to but itdoesn't seem like it will
prayin 4 u Dominic..if u need a ear or even jst 2 vent if no 1 else is there 2 listen i surely will...staystrong 4 u & urs
I hate to say it but talking freaky doesn't excite me anymoreits just like oh okay
That Shit Was Foul As'f! My ass was cryinggg & them folkss didnt have tosay shit us! Fuckedd Up
Tears are steady pouring from my eyes. I hate that I haveto go through this alone.
I Hope He Okay! Im Finna Go Home & Get In The Bed & JusstIDK! My night fuckedd up
You can either love me or hate me , wateva you do it wontmake me or break me..
I love it when i get off work and come home to my babygirl she be missing me
naw bra she came at me like she always do and i shut her fat kneck ass down u goelearn bitch 2 respoect people
not a thing..but what's wrng with not gettin one? It's a healthy hair type thing, not really a I'mtryna to impress you thing
WHY DO YOU FEEL THE NEED TO TALK ON THE SPEAKER PHONE WTF I DON'T NEED TO HEARYOUR DAMN CONVO FUCKING LAME
Got a long day ahead of me tomorrow finna call ita nite after the game
When I get back in here from work I got some rice waiting on me S/O to my grandmashe look out at times
I done pulled myself together just to wrap my hair back up& get in the bed
Anyone ISO a DJ for Sunday Father's Day? I'm available. Call me 410-645-0495; M - F,9am-5pm. I do Karaoke too!
What ever happened to those nice men that made that song "White Tee"? I'm tired of ppl looking at me funnywhen I play that song
I was at the show when they last had Nas....he was on his knees in the rain performing OneMic and niggas was booing"
WHY IT HAD TO BE THAT WAY YOUR WRONG DEAD WRONG TELL ME HOW HOW WE. CAN WE GO ON SEVEN. HOLE DAYYES I LOVE. THIS. SONG
We do this EVERY summer jam. Think of scenarios where Hov can come out.We used to this shit."
most people compared the andrew luck & rg3 draft to manning and leaf. What was ryan leaf like andhow do the two compare?
I'm hiding in the grand canyon fuck it, ima make it through theese 12 hrslol. Gotta hide the car.
what channel are yall on today, I missed the show yesterday because comcast said there was a baseballgame on. What time also.
Wait wait did i just see someone tweet and say j cole albumis better than the yeezy
Mogs keep asking me where my people are from..I say america and there like no before they came there..Damnit I dunno specifically where
in all honesty, any top 20 QB would be great with Larry Fitz. Carson did throw for 4000yds if I'm not mistaken.
Bay was arguing me dwn when we have a baby if its a boy he gone be ajr.NO THAA HELL HE AINT
In other news Paula dean hired the real life Olivia popeto fix her situation ..
i was gonna initially do the 4th but now i gotta wait till mymoney is back in order
Ion fckk wit to many bxtchess ,cause these bxtch these dayss eithaa fakeor messy ,if not both
Shout to angela for remaining professional ... You know her and bow wow discussed that red carpetinterview prior to it happening
Ian scared to tell NOBODY i love my boyfriend ,it is what it is ,canthelp who uu fall fah
We use to be talkin bout stuff && ppl aint knowtf we be talkin bout
My momma Is Up In The Kitchen Listeinqq 2 Daa The OMG Gurls ! I Thinkk SheStill Drunk From Lastniqht !
Quint Jerry and Marlo Want Me Ta Come Ta B.C. RainThey Needa Come Ta Murphy
But I just always keep stuff like that to my self but sometimes doingthat fucks up my days
positive it's not yours - cooked in. I had a dream (nightmare?) about it last night. Yes - this isthe shit i dream about
awesome! Enjoy! If you have some free time you should stop by for a glass onthe patio. Super cool place.
When we was all in our feelin earlier he was like "&& thats why ima marry you && spoil thaa fuck'chaa,jus keep holdinme dwn like you do"
I wish i had app to let me kno who ne askin these questionson ask cause i swear
I am such a huge fan you are a amazing singer and a role model to everyone maygod blessed you on everything.
That was my first time seein my mama && daddy argue like det &&ian like it AT ALL
People only look at the bad things but they don't recognize allthe good u have done
Looking for my baby a new bedroom crib set ugh it's not easy to do somany options to choose from
ion even know why u keep putting stuff on here but u juss made statusabout a nigga u miss
oh! I haven't got that message but I'm getting off ofit my bill already high
Chief Keef told police it's a fast car that's why I bought it.... Ican't be mad at him
Can't believe some bitch ass tried to call my insurance company and say I was involved ina hit and run. Foh
I want your energy to take control of me, I go to sleep Isee you in my dreams!☺
If back in the day they had Gatorade in glass bottles... I think theyshould bring that back lol
I have to get breakfast I went to sleep hungry bc it was toolate to eat last night
"I knew ppl was gonna go overboard They on there suckingdick and fucking "" completely !
& I got out here just In time to put my car on theother side of the street
For all my Greeks going to the AGP check out Greekedup Cobooth for your nalia needs!
everytime u don't get your way don't call u, u ain't a real friend!"Oh I'm not whore ok"
Bruh. When I walk in the pizza place I don't want to see yo asschomping on a pizza stick.
"Nas heard your single and he hate that shit""" I sure hedoesn't care Wht u think
This whole moving this is so frustrating. Cause I don't want a lease somewhere Idon't plan on staying long.
girl it takes me 2wks to wash by that time I haveto wash again lol" smh
I get so excited when I realize it's almost 4:00... Then I remember that Idon't get off until 5:00
Un petit chapeau rigolo, don à la tête, don à la tête. Avec un poulet jaune, en les poissons... Surun bateau, sur un bateau
Smh Pull, pull pull yo track pull them out your hair she gonna scream tillthey all fall down everywear
America is boring...I want something new everything is so repetitive...wanna be's afraidto be themselves, weave, ect.....
All the Big Name Mob MF's got their money on a 7 game series..if y'all think MIAMI not gowin this game y'all trippin...
The SPURS aren't hardly playing like they did last game...I have never seen so many turnovers n my life fromthis team..hmmm I wonder why?
Really Jamie Foxx?! get your hands off my Jordan's WTF!!! He justset us back once again
When Your Ex likes Your Pics On Instagram >>>>>>>>>>>> I Be Like YeeeeeaaahhhhhhhBitch, You Want Me Back
Damn I'm tired glad I only gotta couple weeks left my plant shutdown allof July goin to Miami
I got a pa day I'm use for work tires as hell can't go in todayplus it feel good 2day
The Higher You Go In Life The Less Noise You Will Hear (less people at the top) If Its To Noisy In Your Life TakeIt Up A Notch!!!LETS GO!!!
My Thought Of The Day: I Don't Make Many Promises But Here It Goes, Dear Life I Promise ToGive You My Best Shoot!!!
I hate dis clown ass nigga mane I don't believe shythe say smh lol rs
Spent the day with my youngest daughter, first it was ice cream, then it was shopping, now we r on theswings then off to dinner
You think that shit phase me? Luv, you was just a convo piece. That's it. You jumped to conclusions. Nowyou feel played... Oh well!!
I love when the o's have a day game during the week. Listening to a baseball game on the radio and coding aretwo of my favorite things.
I won't say dat...cuz I know a lot of ppl dat didn't settle, but itdidn't take 3 months tho...
dat all goes back to accepting accountability of ones outcome...want the glorybut none of the blame.
well look at chu, u lil lurker...I already discussed with dion. I said I will doshow...Just wasn't for "event" sheesh
naw, i think i used the video the publisher had on website...its not dat hard...but denagain imma Techie 2 so....
I figga a few hussle pts should allow him to get a few buckets...but over allAntp give em dat work
im sure some goofy will settle 4 the win and wife her...or sheaccept his 4 baby mommas...
Why do chicks see a guy they use to mess with dats married and think..."Oh dat coulda been meif I wanted it" ?
I just seen a chick transform in front of my eyes as this dudetry to holla on my
2 the fellaz dats and they ex girl know it andgiggles everytime they see em...
im on youtubing listening now...and if I have to TRY to be open minded to enjoy Ifeel im thinking 2 hard.
the Gov, tryin to pay both sides against the middle and make money...the Vampers Govtis gone now Billith here
*sets summer schedule* When KP playoff games? Hyde Park Alumni Picnic? House Picnic? Taste?Crunch Brunch Picnic? Bruhz Picnics?
Aye imma be late to the HP picnic...prob around 5. But I still wanna ridein like purple rain lbs
hey as long as doing what u want yields u the results uwant. U doing right chiefette
a man that invest extensive time before getting what he want is calleda "gentleman" in women slang.
showing how easy it is to admit the failure can be ones own fault....I accept it and will strive todo better. Crazy world right?
I wish would have a groove so I can randomly rollthru..talk my shit and leave.
I'm Pretty, But I Am Not Beautiful. I Sin, But I Am Not The Devil. I'm Good, But I AmNot An Angel. -Marilyn Monroe.
Thank you everyone for the Father's Day wishes. Sending blessings toall the fathers out there."
Can't believe we get new consoles, New GTA, new BF, new Splinter Cell,Watch Dogs, AC4, Dead Rising 3,ArkhamOrigins b4 the years over.#2013
oh no!!! I didn't even know she was there. There was noparking. Smh. I feel bad!
And tbh I hate Yale lol I just like a fewpeople on my daddy side
Me & your momma will make a salad and play in itlike it's a pool lol..!!!!????????
-Chillin In The Dark Like A Real Nigga.!"naw that's some penitentiary shit gettinraped real nigga shit lmfao
Think ima have my 18th bday in Ohio. Then again It's gne cold as shit. All I knowis I want something big
Ion really believe shit people say I just been lied to so many times It'slike Fuck dat.Trust no one
At 2pm we will be giving away free tickets to the Graceful Hands Celebrity B-Ball Game atCass tech On June 29,2013.
Tyga & big Sean - I'm gone. The beat tuff I don'tlike the song to much.
lOl GA's Tornado Siren Sounds So Weak.! I'm Not 100% Positive That's What It Is...But WhatElse Could It Be? Smh
AYE LISTEN GOT AH SPECIAL ON TATTOOS BRING 2 SPENDIN 25 GET YOU 1 FREE NOBULL HMU FOR MORE INFO!!!!!!!!!!!
Bought to kick my feet up and sip on a lil drinkydrink to ease my mind
I can't lie when I worked for future care I wanted to work in housekeeping lmao... They swearthey had tha best job!!!
Pls tell y'all friend her braids looked fuck'd up... Keep wanting to twist them bigshits up in a bun
I am in no way Tryna rush to grow up but 21 and up just got more options then20 and under do lol
I need to try and work these too jobs out; well ifI get the other one
I need to find those pink 11s; wtf was I thinkingnot going to get them
Somewhere in the past week I forgot then entire plot of HarryPotter. Poof. It's all gone.
Saw one of those son of a guns in a yard on my way hometoday. Right near stole him.
I'd be a terrible kitty owner. I'm not home enough to keep it company...andsomeone else took it home.
Man fuck dat hoe man my nigga n dem had dathoe n the Bryan Frazier
I been listening to my SL bros all day...but not because they my homies theyjust better than you rappers
we'll u should have came to the beat person for the job...... Me but I see udon't fuck wit me nomore
tell yo sister that you R a grown woman and U can make UR owndecisions... Thanks for her concern...
if U read both of the tweets... I changed it up forU because U R special...
Sometimes the shit you fuck with, is just not what mylife needs to fuck with.
The only logical reason to watch basketball is Kardashian-related men. is that likepretending to like Downton Abbey?
If dis rachet hoe dnt txt me bck>> ima walk to haa housend slap haa ugly ass!
This lady is suppose to sing The Negro National Anthem but she just whispers to me " Idon't know the words" huh?
Its too early for the Drunk busted friday night club pics on IG right?Cause I just saw a.....
As Salaam Alaikum how can we help our children in public school tostop being funneled into prison.
you stop talking to me, & yes I Do. What you just made thatyou need a confirmation code?
Hey world gonna do some family time today. And I will Sneek in some schoolflow photosI need for my assignment.
So i got in trouble for leaving work early!!! If i aint on thang is anotherwit mac and sac!!!!
People stood in line all night just be the first customers at the new chickfila inHamptonCove. It's not that deep.
My mom is in Miami getting ready to go on a cruise while I'm in hsv in theclassroom on a damn Saturday
their spread offense is totally different. They are a pass first O. His blind side tackle isgone. Big shoes to fill
I just liked it for the documentaries but the same ones beenon there over a year.
U gotta love that old wine-o in the hood I gota 2month update in 5min
Only God makes the rain fall and it's falling a lot in Queens, but I don't have to go out so let it rain, letit rain, let it rain!
Ghetto translation~Lemme Call you back = You have a great rest of the day. Talkto you tomorrow lmao ijs
Somebody needs to invent an alarm clock that releases the smell of bacon. A nukkawould never be late lol
If one more damn Mosquito bite me...... I know I'm Carmel and tasty looking, but I'm sure its some other fat ppl togo bite on wtf lol
You know when you wakeup wit so much energy it makeyou lazy. That's hella crazy
If I was ur best friend, would you let me do all the things thatonly a best friend can?
I have a head ache having been to sleep in 2days I'm going to sleep so good tonight hair appointmenttomorrow Or cut I'm scared.
So I'm extra late I had no idea David Correy got a record deal. I loved him I was so mad hewas voted off so early.
U ask 4 my number..I tell u I have a bf..Ur response "SO, I like competition.".niggasain't got no respect lol
Wassup tweed fam? I have been up since 12 yesterday .lolsmh Alwayz gm ! :0)
My shoe game is so weak right now. Need new work shoes, running shoes, sperry's/loafers and reg tennisshoes. Must step it up
R U TIRED OF HITIN THE BEAUTY SUPPLY AND COPPIN THAT BLACK NO.1! IS YOUR WIG BUSTED DISCUSTED FRYD DYED LEANIN2 DA SIDE HIT UP
For once can I meet a handsome respectful guy tht DOES NOT SAG HIS PANTS !!!!!???? Tht is trifling...at least notsoo low ! Ugh !
If we say two forms of ID why the fuck wouldyou come with just one...
I thought I was making progress but I guess I was wrong. Smhthis is really bothering me.
Dude comes to the mall with friends. It's raining. He gets his car to pick his friends up in front of the mall..It was only sprinkling lol
I'm prob the only motherfucka on this planet that doesn't like hot doughnuts... Hate whenthe hot sign is on
Getting ready to get jog on this morning! I need to get my health back in order. I've been a bad boy for a while soI have work to do.
And as a shopaholic... I'm taking strides to be better with money... And I'm cutting up my credit cards andremoving them from my PayPal
Chilli cheese fries with jalapeños sounds soooooo good. Where can Iget something good like this?
Damn why aren't any of my shows on demand yet! I don't want to wait towatch them until next week
I saw Dr. King's speech in its entirety yesterday for thefirst time, I'm still moved.
A great day for the fathers. Add to the legacy. Or build a newone with your little ones
Taking precautions. Not every deal is solid. And might bring on lessons that u wished uwere patient to learn first.
I don't think it's hard to find love. I believe everybody are on different levels inlife. No need to rush
I feel like stiles might become a beta to save his dad judging by thepreview for next Monday :D
I'm still up, man world war z was pretty hood. It'sa good picture to watch
I believe that God makes NO mistakes and that everything happens for a reason...whetherit be good or bad
How u have somebody make a promise not to drink when they drunk tho? That'sjuss down right sneaky" lmao
It's way past my bedtime but so much on my mind thatsleep is no where near
I know I don't grew into my own when I allI wanna do is grind
I'm so fucking,(irratated)like everybody is fucking blowing Da shit out ofmy Life#im done say nomore:-(
Ive eaten Lou's and Harolds in the last 3 days. Diet here I come. I been working out but aboutto go in cardio overload.
People who know me know I been to hell and back andI can FINALLY say...IM HAPPY
This cold making me about to pour me a drink cause I need to be wellfor this work week ahead
They're mad about the gov't tapping phone lines. I don't care. Idon't have anything to hide
naw working. Trying to get my priorities in order an get my money up so no extra kicking it andI'm going home in sept
I used to be a ball of energy before class. Got there and felt like Ihad been up all night
I mean I know I don't have the best grammar in the world but I canput a sentence together ll
We used to go so hard on it. We were probably two bottlesfrom turning into lemons lol
I can understand like a month or 2. Not 2 weeks! I'm bout to be out herewith 1 big loc lol
At the end of the day, I cant respect or forgive the BaltimoreRavens for breakin RGIII leg
why u have tuh go there tho SOME OF US DONTHAVE AH LIE (RUNS AWAY)
Mindless Behavior Songs Motivate Me to Try Harder.So Im Listening to them Now To Get Threw ThiS 2ndDay Of School. Thx Mb
When did a national tour become a national tour if its notrecognized by the Broadway League.
It feels good to wake up and not have any type of hangover and I almost relapse yesterday!I stayed on the wagon
Not having a good day today at all...but it will get better.Devil wont knock my spirits.
cus I ain't been on here in a minute, had to makesure you wasn't being grown.
Soooo how many Platinum albums had he produced.... FULL ALBUMS ...... After Aaliyahdied Timberland went no where
Everything I put in front of you to think about some choose think with purpose otherslet others think for them
I mean that even though big and pac been dead for almost 20 years. They music still relevant. Theyshit will never get old.
My lefthand anit been fukcn witt.me these last couple of dayswe bout to be beefn
Would u believe me if I said that I liked u fromthe jump?? ...... because :-/
Like if you die and reincarnate... Do not pass go, do not collect$200. Go directly to jail.
its suppose to be an inside joke dummy. And yes" ode mmttssgw comeover I'm watching alake alone
Hopefully I'll get some sleep tonight cauSe I have to be atmy 2nd job at 7am
My next off day not until next Wednesday.! I work two doublesthis weekend back to back.!
My sinus doin thee fool right now. I'm about to grab this food, takesome mess and be out
My brother just called me and surprised me with some good news.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now Ican finally go to sleep
What if weekend services are not "The Game", but preparation for "The Game" that begins when youralarm goes off Mon am?
Are you expecting to hear from God or see Him at worktoday? If not, why not?
This class is too long especially seeing as I prob/hopefully won't even be in this city much longer. Butbackup plan is always necessary
Never SHOW A Man That Your A Good Woman Cus OBVIOUSLY He's Gonna Take Advantage Of It , LET HIMLEARN && EARN POINTS !
I always think why my fridge is empty but to be honest I know why itis :):):):):) I love food
Comcast stay leaving that threatening ass "we were here to pick up your equipment"post it on my door.
… The Mfers I Fucked w/ In My Grammar && Middle School Daysx I Don't Even Fuck w/ Now . Mfers Den Changed ! ButFuck Em I'm Makin $$$
Weird as hell as to why I wasnt hungry yesterday, maybebecause I was so tired.
I feel ya! I only ball when there is a tournament...still got game thou...lol. If u ever inChi city ill play u...lol
****ATTENTION EVERYONE I WILL RESUME THE OLD SCHOOL & HOUSE MUSIC WEDNESDAYS ON SEPTEMBER 4, 2013.. DUETO THE ANNUAL JAZZ EVENT...
Been bungee jumping, but I was bent. Don't think it's enough liquor in the world to getme to jump outta plane.
You wack if you decide against posting a tweet just causeyou running late for work
Are you guys doing a tasting Saturday? Missed the first few &would love to stop by
Uh she wanted 2 recreate a Plantation Theme wedding because she liked thenostalgia of the period? WTF
Cheese was a taste of the nation silent auction item. Bourbon was fromthe F&W event last year.
let me throw a basketball and a stick at yo headand see if cry !
I'm mixing up a killer Bellini. And yes - it isfresh puréed peach. As if...
Ima clippers fan off dump im just going for the pacers bc ion fw the heat
".. Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes , please don't be scared if me, pleasedon't be scared of me"
Been up since 6am LOVE, thanx 4 the wake up , I'm able 2 get myearly morning prayers in .
It's beginning to make sense. My Father was born on Aug 11. Hip Hop was also born on Aug 11. Pops was Crazy withwords. Need I say more???
my shit is "Streets Made of Gold" he went in on that one."<<Oh Yea that song I puton repeat when I'm riding
This Is the first time I've actually been able to watch tvin a long time ...
I Took My Flat Screen Out And Put It In The Living Room Why'llI Sleep In Here, Lbs
I made the suggestion to go out. Now that is time to get ready, Ichanged my mind. I'm terrible...
Can't blame Rachel, I'm sure her mother speaks that way. The cyclehas to be stopped somewhere
now u see how a Nigga be feel in !?! But don't say fuckmee I been here woop
I'm just ready to do a video with French Montana NdKirk bangz no lie fam
Tonight was quite eventful. I did meet some cool dude. Its crazy that noneof them like girls. Smh
I like that AT&T commerical with the couple singing off that atlanticstarr song for some reason
I just look like this don't get it twisted I will fuck youup and leave you stankin.
That moment when autotext insist on putting the antonym of eachword im trying to type...
The moment when you wish your friend would loose because you wanna go home butthey keep winning every game
Cookout get the fuck on with that "my pleasure" shit... That'sfor Chik Fil a only.
Dudes will want to fight if they think you looking at they girl but get mad when you tell them shemad ugly I wasn’t looking
Hey it was good to see you again! Didn't get a chance to talkbut wanted to congratulate you.
I'm so happy for all the young men that was drafted I wish you allthe best with your career.
one time this man said he actually watched the show before wtf you get in the car for then ifyou know what's gonna happen
I wonder what reaction would be if Danny Brown come out to doTerrorist Threats with Ab Soul.
no offense, but everyone is bigger than you. Lol. Gotta step it up and make it knows straws andbeers are not a couple!
it's nice to know my starvation yesterday due to a lackof shawarma humors you ;)
Any worker who prepares my burrito bowl will be adding steak no double steak charge and my bowl will have enoughrice. Not time for games
Aren't they a little late with selling this chicken and waffle chips or was that theflavor that won the challenge?
They talk about makin 30k/month, But u dont sign up, and 8months later they in the samesituation they been in. Broke.
Wish I knew someone with a truck ain't eem tryna spend200 on a uhaul truck
Lets talk about how I went pee this morning and my damn bonnet fell in thetoilet. Pissed. Literally and figuratively
I been hearing these schemes since i was 18yrs old... I aint seen one dude closeto me become a "billionaire"...
Sometimes it's easy to let someone's negative opinion or thoughts about youmake you upset or frustrated.
of course... It's about ratings and money... Gotta go 7 games to sale tixand make money on comericals.
cleanser and benzoyl peroxide.: Im out of town and I accidentally left my stuff so my skin is kind ofmad at me right now
This panel aint got no jokes... No pranks... No arguments... Chuck,Kenny, and SHAQ be clowning.
you don't have an issue with it giving you raccoon eyes? Cause by the end of the day that'swhat I'm dealing with lol
I really need to make breakfast butttttt I've been lazy this weekback on it next week
Don't count how many new friends you can make. Count how manyold ones you can keep."
I take my charger EVERYWHERE! School Library Beach Mall Park Church Hospital you neverknow where a socket at."
Don't judge me I jus hate ratchet ass bitchez ! Like dat shyt not kool y u wannabe ratchet let me no
yep i gave the bag back tuesday.. But now i think imcoming down with a cold
Im lowkey about to pass out on my couch... But before i do cani talk my shit twitter
LMAO don't judge me man I just like to interact with my animal crackersbefore they meet there demise
Bow Wow u cant get Ciara back... U knew it was over after 50 Cent got a hold of her. He got her on tapewaitin for u to slip
Juicy J has me throwing money at strippers this morning viahis game on his site
Wonder what the rap game would be like if biggie smallsand 2pac was still alive
Telly hungry ass ain't going to watch the game she just wannaeat lol" don't do me
I always wake up hungry no matter how much I eatbefore I go to bed
Half y'all mfs ask y'all own questions on ask.me and answer them..I be knowinglol" lmao how you know
Getting your ass ate feels so violating I could never look at him the same again" have aseat under the bed bih
If a nigga don't like me he hating.." Naw maybe theyjust don't like ya ass
The things people say about me don't phase me, simply cause Itruly knows what goes on
Traci sweetie you don't come to a man with no he say she saymess on the first date
Been waiting on phone call for TWO days...damn!" It's safe tosay they not calling lol
Now how this bih get mad when she the 1 catfished my mans" that's what Isaid. I'm like this bitch
I Can't wait to file these daycare cost on my taxes!!My Jesus its killing me!!!
My iPhone5 is looking rough. Just another reason to grab the new one whenit comes out this fall.
At the Barbershop about to get this cut. I swear thisplace is 24 hours lol
Wowww really sum niggaz do the most....unloyal aint the word to it...then u wonderin why nobody reallyfucks wit you....straight played out
My next project is slowly approaching.. Almost there.. Second drop forthe year.. Produced entirely by
Ok yall we got a NNBT in full affect ~Nukka Needing Bus Tickets~ if you know or suspect someone of knowing who gotsome Get at yo dude
To test if ur breath smells, lick the back of ur hand, wait 5sec. If yo nose hairs melt.... yobreath stink. just fyi lol
Somebody told me that coochi tastes like chicken. Well, One day imma find outwhat chicken taste like lol
Ole I saw you and him, walking in the rain. You were holding hands and ill never bethe same looking ass. Lmao
Im so glad to be off work, I thought Darryl was gone have to slap a bytch today.I need to be touched.
We got 10 fingers. INDEX to point out shyt, RING for marriage, THUMBS for approval, PINKIE for swearing, theMIDDLE for tha HATERS Ijs
Wow Im overwhelmed by the love yall showing a brotha. It feels good to be loved. Im blessed to have a wonderful groupof friends. You gu ...
I just tripped of sumthing ppl dont even say grace no more. They just take a picture of the food then upload it toinstagram and fb. No lol
I think i want me a touch screen flip phone. Or a touch screenpager made by skytel lmao
Damn I must've slept weird cuz I woke up and my arm was stiff.....All three of them Lmao
Why you trippin I ain't even did nothin and you called me a jerk that's okay I'll take it this time but aye do me a favorcall me jerk o ...
He just txtd me this "Baby you may be sleep but I was just thinking about you ,I love you boo. "
It's 1:00am and I'm still up . Pourquoi? Smfh Tchao. I guess I'm going tobed unless He calls me.
I'm not cocky i'm confident , so when you tell me i'm the best, it's a compliment !
First thing a person say in a relationship bae we no matter what ! 3 months later they gonafter 1 argument tf bitch
.Somebody told me So && So say I think I'm all that ! I replied back I know that Bx gonnalet me think it !
I pop off BY myself Bee-Leave-Zat !!! Ain't nobody gotta dive behind me I got me " well, im still iz ."
If you got hoes why u need me ? If u got mewhy u need hoes ?
, BROKE hoes will never get it TRYING to argue w / Me over a DICK catch your LIFE beforeit falls out the WINDOW
Hey justin imma let u know i love youre music im a big fan and i listen to your musiceveryday when i get up
But He Got One Moe Time To Hit Me Wit That JacketAnd Ima Beat His Ass
Never understood why 7 make their standard jeans with Buttons.... Wtf imma do ifi gotta piss real bad
I'm the only one out of my friends with cable right now;they not gone use me
Niggas be like "Babe, I can give you the world. She be like "Give me your phoneHe be like "Holdup uhhhh....
hey ill be needing some attractive chicks for my future projectshit me up if interested
I give myself a high five every time I pass a trooper andI'm going the speed limit.
Change is fo the good but sometimes change is fo the bad( only time will tell)
I did write you back I thought you fell asleep on me !! How did I know youwould tweet about me hahahaha
Everybody check out my lil cousin C Watt mixtape on (you thought wrong) this young nigga unsigned and abeast on the rap tip
Ugh....ppl kill me when they say some shit and u speak on it but theyget attitudlem bout the shit
Kiddos are eating so im sitting outside trying to convince them everything going to be alright as long as weare together as a team
Well kids about to head to bed about to finish off sausage gravy and rice then shuthouse down for some zzzz
Jus crushed a whole steak and cheese wit the salt pepper thick cut fries with the bombest fruit punch Iever had... I'm Gucci now
Man damn u i bet i wnt say shit to u no mo on myma fuk dt ion care
Man i cnt take this ish tryna love someone who dnt een care bout cha n who dnt love ya bk n playing round wiffme man kick damn rocks
If u cnt trust me man wts d use of dis bruhfukk it dawgg like frfr
Man fuk it ion get her at all like wtf disjunk burn me up man
as soon as that mtf went up , & we was upside down - I was, & shai was laughin
I'm still getting used to this life proof case. I have to hit the buttonsharder for them to register.
Waffle Tacos are a sign that we, as the human race, are evolving. We need to spreadwaffle tacos through the universe.
Just thought about dat my lil bros don't know shit about popping the cassette out flippingit fastforwarding just to rewind...
My TL is looking for trouble 2nite I see...u niggaz are the ppl my parents told me2 stay away from lol
I need an assistant to take my truck to Indiana to fill up andget it washed at Kleen!
imma try 2 make ya groove, but my schedule is crazy rite now, u gonna bethere on time? Or nah?
Prob wasn't best idea to drink an ice coffee at 2 am. As if i don't knowwhat caffeine does to me
its way 2 early for ur hood rat tendencies to beshown over flaming hots bro!
2 all the old niggaz going to they old yard to"help" the freshmen move in...lol
I really hate u chicks dat think yall all that cuz ustay shopping at Forever 21...lol
u brave as hell getting a car wash out west and uaint gotta cannon on u!
I wonder if she gonna be able to lose that baby weight...it still look fun andthick...just not her old size.
Have head phones went outta style? Mogs just play songs on they cellphoneson speaker like its normal.
not JUST dunking...simply do shit EYE cant physically do. Running a 40yards in 5 secondsis NOT exciting to watch.
we all have jumped into the Pool of Designer...once u jump outur neva the same again
I agree! So go obtain them other jobs if ur not happywith the wage ya getting.
There is a 6'2 325 Pound woman that works near my gig...I bald my fist upeverytime she walks past me.
Regardless of its true or not shid thats my nigga ,if iwanna fckk him on a plane 3,000 ft in thaafckkin air imma do it
Imight not go ,igot hella homework to do ,its school first this year&& next ,so i graduate.!
My phone fell out of my pocket, and right into the toilet... At least halfof my soul has died.
"If you cant control ya edges ...I already know you cantcontrol ya nigga" " dfl
u better love me u know I have ur best interest in any situation !! U know tht!! Loveu 100times more!!!" I no!
Me: out of aaaallllllll these females why me? Him: I've never meta human being like you...."awww
I have a taste for some chocolate chip cookies, but be aside I can't have milktakes everything out of it!
I be hungry and I eat something dumb like a cupcake and messup my whole appetite !
Every time I think about him I think about all thebs & be like nevermind
Back on My twitter BullShit. I don't even really mess withsocial media. Im working, daily.
Don't no why kendrick put this nigga sorry nigga Meek mill in the rappers henamed bra can't rap.... Cont
"Act right" who say that wack sHit these niggas wack don't do my west coastmusic u lame motha fuckers
I love when you ad lip. If that's what you call it. In my singing group thats what we call it. But it's gospelso it could be dif
Must be an establishment with a "Grown Folks" clientele; 45-50 and older. R&B, OLDIES, JAZZ,SOUTHERN SOUL/BLUES. NO HIP-HOP! 410-645-0495.
, so why i went to the store to get somethingg to eatt, i couldaa SWORN i hung up with ramone, comes back, nigga stillon the fone, like tf